a device and process for refuelling containers with pressurized gas comprising a pressurized gas source (2), a transfer circuit (4) comprising one upstream end (5), the device (1) comprising a refrigeration system for cooling the gas flowing from the gas source (2) prior to its entering into the container (3), the refrigeration system comprising a refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising, arranged in series, a compressor (8), a condenser section (9), an expansion valve (10) and an evaporator section (11), the refrigeration system comprising a cold source (12) in heat exchange with the condenser section (9) and a heat exchanger (7) located in the transfer circuit (4) and comprising a heat exchange section between the gas flowing in the transfer circuit (4) and the evaporator section (11), the refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising a bypass conduit (13) comprising an upstream end connected to the outlet of the compressor (8) and a downstream end connected to the refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) upstream the compressor (8) inlet and bypassing the condenser section (9) and expansion valve (10), the device comprising a bypass regulating valve (15) for controlling the flow of refrigerant flowing into the by-pass conduit (13).
a device and process for refuelling containers with pressurized gas comprising a pressurized gas source (2), a transfer circuit (4) intended to be removably connected to a container (3), the device (1) comprising a refrigeration system for cooling the gas flowing from the gas source (2) prior to its entering into the container (3) and comprising a refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising, arranged in series, a compressor (8), a condenser section (9), an expansion valve (10) and an evaporator section (11), the refrigeration system comprising a cold source (12) in heat exchange with the condenser section (9) and a heat exchanger (7) located in the transfer circuit (4) and comprising a heat exchange section between the gas flowing in the transfer circuit (4) and the evaporator section (11), the device comprising an electronic controller (21) configured to switch the refrigeration system in first standby mode when the device is not refuelling a container wherein the compressor is switched off when the temperature of the heat exchanger (7) is equal or below a predefined first standby temperature threshold and for started and operated for producing cooling power and cooling the heat exchanger (7) when the sensed temperature of the heat exchanger (7) is above a second standby threshold temperature.
a device for refuelling containers with pressurized gas, comprising a pressurized gas source (2), a transfer circuit (4) intended to be removably connected to a container (3), the device (1) comprising a refrigeration system for cooling the gas flowing from the gas source (2) prior to its entering into the container (3), the refrigeration system comprising a refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising, arranged in series, a compressor (8), a condenser section (9), an expansion valve (10) and an evaporator section (11), the refrigeration system comprising a cold source (12) in heat exchange with the condenser section (9) and a heat exchanger (7) located in the transfer circuit (4) and comprising a heat exchange section between the gas flowing in the transfer circuit (4) and the evaporator section (11), the device comprising an electronic controller (21) connected to the expansion valve (10) and configured for controlling cooling power produced by the refrigeration system via the control of the opening of the expansion valve (10), characterized in that the electronic controller (21) is configured to generate or receive a signal indicative of the cooling power needed at heat exchanger (7) for cooling the flow of gas in the transfer circuit through the heat exchanger (7) and, in response, for controlling the cooling power produced by the refrigeration accordingly.
a device and process for refuelling containers comprising a pressurized gas source (2), a transfer circuit (4) intended to be removably connected to a container (3), the device (1) comprising a refrigeration system comprising a refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising, arranged in series, a compressor (8), a condenser section (9), an expansion valve (10) and an evaporator section (11), the refrigeration system comprising a cold source (12) in heat exchange with the condenser section (9) and a heat exchanger (7) located in the transfer circuit (4), the refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising a bypass conduit (13) comprising an upstream end connected to the outlet of the compressor (8) and a downstream end connected to the refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) upstream the compressor (8) inlet, the device further comprising a bypass regulating valve (15) for controlling the flow of refrigerant flowing into the by-pass conduit (13), the device comprising a pressure sensor (16) for sensing the refrigerant pressure in the cooling loop circuit (21) between the compressor inlet and the heat exchanger (7) outlet, notably at the inlet of the compressor (8), the device (1) comprising an electronic controller (21) configured for regulating the suction pressure at the inlet of the compressor (8) via the control of the compressor (8) speed and the opening of the bypass valve (15).
a device for refuelling containers with pressurized gas, comprising a pressurized gas source (2), a transfer circuit (4) intended to be removably connected to a container (3), the device (1) comprising a refrigeration system for cooling the gas flowing from the gas source (2) prior to its entering into the container (3), the refrigeration system comprising a refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) comprising, arranged in series, a compressor (8), a condenser section (9), an expansion valve (10) and an evaporator section (11), the refrigeration system comprising a cold source (12) in heat exchange with the condenser section (9) and a heat exchanger (7) located in the transfer circuit (4), the device comprising an electronic controller (21) connected to the expansion valve (10) and configured for controlling cooling power produced by the refrigeration system via the control of the opening of the expansion valve (10), the device comprising a differential temperature sensor (17, 18) system measuring the difference between the temperature of the refrigerant in the refrigerant cooling loop circuit (20) at the outlet of the heat exchanger (7) and the temperature of the refrigerant in the cooling loop circuit (20) at the inlet of the heat exchanger, the electronic controller (21) being configured for controlling the cooling power produced as a function of this temperature differential.
an approach to determining and monitoring the depth of grease in a grease trap is provided, based on a capacitative detector, whereby the respective capacitance across multiple electrodes distributed along the detector are determined, and on the basis of the measured capacitance values and the distribution of the electrodes, the position of a transition from water to grease, grease to air, or otherwise the depth of accumulated grease in the trap. information may be transmitted by the detector for remote processing, which may in turn be used to schedule maintenance, issue alerts, and the like.
the present invention relates to an electrical steel sheet and a coating liquid for electrical steel sheets; and the purpose of the present invention is to provide an electrical steel sheet which has more excellent heat resistance, corrosion resistance and appearance without containing chromium, and which exhibits excellent insulating properties even after stress relief annealing performed at temperatures higher than ever before, and a coating liquid for achieving this electrical steel sheet. an electrical steel sheet according to the present invention is mainly composed of a metal phosphate and fine plate-like inorganic compound particles, secondary particles of which have an average particle diameter of from 0.05 âµm to 5 âµm (inclusive) and a specific surface area of 1-80 m2/g, and primary particles of which have an aspect ratio of 50-1,000. the content of the fine plate-like inorganic compound particles is from 0.1 part by mass to 20 parts by mass (inclusive) relative to 100 parts by mass of the metal phosphate; and each of the fine plate-like inorganic compound particles has an insulating coating on the surface, said coating containing no chromium.
provided is an automatic analysis device which reduces decrease in analysis performance by mixing of reagents and detergents with each other in the reagent storage flow path being further suppressed before and after exchange and a state of the reagent storage flow path being constantly hold, in addition to the reagent and the detergent being capable of being replenished without stopping analysis.the automatic analysis device includes a reagent container holding portion that exchangeably holds a reagent container accommodating a reagent; a reagent storage flow path that stores a portion of the reagent in the reagent container; a first flow path that supplies the reagent to a measurement portion in the reagent container; a second flow path that is disposed by being branched from the first flow path and connects the reagent storage flow path; liquid sending means for sending the reagent to the measurement portion and the reagent storage flow path by applying a negative pressure or a positive pressure to the first flow path and the second flow path; a valve that is at least provided on the first flow path and the second flow path; and control means for controlling the valve and the liquid sending means so that a supply source which supplies a reagent to the measurement portion at a predetermined timing is switched from the reagent container to the reagent storage flow path.
a method for manufacturing a clad steel pipe is provided, wherein the clad steel pipe is manufactured by using a clad steel plate as a raw material. the clad steel plate comprises a base layer (1) and a clad layer (2) roll-bonded with the base layer (1). the method for manufacturing a clad steel pipe comprises the steps of forming, welding, and deburring; both sides of the clad steel plate are bent towards the base layer (1) side of the clad steel plate, then the forming step is carried out, and after the forming step, the opening faces of the resultant pipe blank are all in a form of the clad layer (2). according to the method for manufacturing a clad steel pipe, a clad steel pipe is manufactured by using a clad steel plate as a raw material. thus, continuance and high efficiency of a high-frequency longitudinal welding pipe unit is fully utilized, subsequent non-continuous processes are not necessary, and the corrosion resistance at the weld of the clad steel pipe is ensured
provided is a silicon-carbide-sintered body in which plural crystal grains including silicon carbide are densely formed so as to be adjacent to each other. sc and y elements are present in a rich phase at a triple point at which interfaces of the crystal grains forming the sintered body meet each other without solid-solution of the elements in the crystal grains. accordingly, sintering is feasible at a temperature of 1950â°c or lower, and an eb layer including a rare-earth-si oxide containing the sc and y elements is formed on a surface thereof without an eb coating process, and is also formed up to the inner region of a silicon carbide base, resulting in strong three-dimensional bonding, so that the possibility of peeling of the eb layer is reduced and a new eb layer is formed even when peeling occurs, greatly increasing the resistance to corrosion of the silicon carbide material caused by oxidation. further, the temperature at which the silicon carbide material is used is increased by preventing the oxidation of the silicon carbide material.
implementations of the present specification disclose a goods order processing method, apparatus, and system, a server, and a shopping terminal. the method includes the following: detecting, by a client based on an image recognition method, whether a change occurs to goods in a storage container; if there is a change, obtaining an associated image of the change in the storage container, and sending the associated image to a server; identifying, by the server, information about the goods difference in the storage container based on the associated image, and generating corresponding goods order change information; updating order information corresponding to the client based on the goods order change information; sending, by the server, updated order information to the client; and displaying, by the client, the updated order information. consumers can view a shopping list of commodities in a shopping cart.
compositions for prevention and treatment of microbial infections, such as microbial infections that comprise a biofilm, or a microbe that is capable of forming a biofilm are described. the compositions comprise an enzyme that is able to convert a substrate to release hydrogen peroxide and a substance that includes a substrate for the enzyme. the enzyme is additional to any enzyme activity able to convert the substrate to release hydrogen peroxide that may be present in the substance. the substance may be an unrefined natural substance or a substance that includes a purified substrate for the enzyme.
disclosed herein are boronate intermediates in the synthesis of antimicrobial compounds and the use and preparation thereof. some embodiments relate to crystalline boronate salt derivatives and their use in the synthesis of therapeutic compounds.
a physiologic monitoring device is configured to detect and record signals from the sensor and to wirelessly communicate via the communication interface with a transmitter and a receiver that are disposed outside the housing, and to receive via the communication interface transmissions of commands and data from the transmitter. the device operates in a standby mode and an active mode transmissions comprise control signals to change the mode of operation that are transmitted by the transmitter at a first frequency in a range of 1 - 10 ghz, and transfers of recorded data from the sensor to the receiver in a range of 400 - 450 mhz.
the present disclosure relates to a lawn mower robot, a lawn mower robot system, and a control method of the lawn mower robot system, whereby a position change of a signal transmission element is detected based on a result of receiving a signal transmitted from the signal transmission element, and a present position of the signal transmission element is reflected in an area map.
the present invention provides proteins comprising immunoglobulin-type binding regions for cell-type specific targeting and shiga toxin a subunit effector regions for shiga toxin effector functions (e.g. cellular internalization, directing subcellular routing, and/or cytotoxicity), wherein binding regions and shiga toxin effector regions are combined such that the shiga toxin effector regions are proximal to amino-terminals of the proteins. the presently disclosed proteins can comprise additional exogenous materials, such as, e.g., antigens, cytotoxic agents, and detection-promoting agents, and are capable of targeted delivery of these additional exogenous materials into interiors of target cells. the proteins of present invention have uses in methods such as, e.g., methods involving targeted killing of target cells, delivering exogenous materials into target cells, labeling subcellular compartments of target cells, and diagnosing and/or treating a variety of conditions including cancers, tumors, other growth abnormalities, immune disorders, and microbial infections.
an on-body sensor (obs) (5610) having a continuous monitoring (cgm) device is disclosed for use in identifying an analyte, such as glucose in blood or interstitial fluid (isf), using a biomaterial, such as glucose binding protein (gbp), that is brought into contact with the analyte. the on-body sensor (5610) incorporating the cgm device includes a housing (5625') which provides protection to the cgm device while providing comfort to a user wearing the device. the obs also includes an adhesive structure that provides a comfortable, discreet and secure user experience.
an apparatus and a method which are suitable for producing an organic substance using a synthesis gas from a waste gasification furnace are disclosed. the apparatus 1 for producing an organic substance from waste comprises a synthesis gas generation furnace 11 for generating a synthesis gas by partial oxidation of the waste; and an organic substance production unit 12 for producing an organic substance from the synthesis gas. the organic substance production unit 12 further comprises: a synthesis unit 13 for synthesizing an organic substance by subjecting the synthesis gas to catalytic reaction in the presence of a metal catalyst, and a fermenter 14 for producing an organic substance by subjecting the exhausted gas from the synthesis unit to microbial fermentation.
in conclusion, the present invention proposes a test metric for gnss code signals received at gnss receivers (1-4), wherein for each satellite i, a signal sent by that satellite i is received at the different gnss receivers (1-4), and bias-removed, averaged over the receivers and normalized measurement values are derived out of autocorrelation function values (110, 120) from the received gnss code signals, wherein a correlation matrix ri,n is built (130) from a matrix xi,n containing the measurement values in the form of measurement value vectors xi,k from the present time epoch tn and from previous time epochs tk with k=1,...,n-1, wherein a principal component analysis is done (150) of matrix ri,n, wherein a transformed vector tâ†’i,n=pci,ntâ‹…xâ†’i,nt is calculated (160), with pci,n containing at least two eigenvectors belonging to eigenpairs having the largest eigenvalues of all eigenpairs, wherein a signal quality monitor test metric sqmi,n is built (170) from the square sum of the entries of transformed vector ti,n, and wherein if sqmi,n is larger than a threshold thr, the signals of satellite i are disallowed (190) for position determination at all gnss receivers (1-4). the invention allows monitoring gnss code signals with respect to satellite signal deformation with an improved integrity and continuity.
the invention is concerned with a method (19) for providing a new software-based functionality (f) in at least one vehicle (12). the method (19) comprises the following steps: a digital model generation engine (23) generates a functionality model (24) of the functionality (f) on the basis of requirement data (20) that describe at least one requirement (21) that is to be fulfilled by the new functionality (f); a digital model transformation engine (25) transforms the functionality model (24) into a software code (18); a digital testing engine (26) generates at least one virtual testing scenario (27) on the basis of the functionality model (24) and verifies correct fulfillment of the at least one requirement (21) by the software code (18); and an update system (28) and/or function-on-demand system installs the software code (18) in the at least one vehicle (12) using a remote update connection (14).
a driving assist device includes: a driving operation element (11a, 12a, sw); an information acquisition unit (15, 17) configured to acquire traveling state relevant information indicating a traveling state; a driving assist control unit (10, 20, 30, 40) configured to control the own vehicle such that the own vehicle travels in a state where a target traveling condition is met; a determination unit configured to determine whether the traveling state changed by the operation of the driving operation element is a specific state; a request generation device (60, 61) configured to generate a condition change request when a predetermined operation or input is performed while the own vehicle is in the driving assist control; and a condition change unit configured to change the target traveling condition based on the traveling state relevant information when the condition change request is generated in a case where it is determined that the changed traveling state is the specific state.
heat transfer devices and methods for enclosing a heat source and facilitating convective heat transfer from the heat source. a heat transfer device includes an outer wall having an outer surface exposed to an environment of the heat transfer device and defining an outer shape of the heat transfer device, and an inner wall defining a flow passage through the heat transfer device. the outer wall and the inner wall collectively define an internal volume that is configured to house the heat source. the flow passage comprises an inlet configured to receive a fluid from the environment, and an outlet configured to exhaust the fluid from the flow passage that comprises a core region extending between the inlet and the outlet and configured to deliver the fluid from the inlet to the outlet and allow heat to exchange between the fluid within the core region and the internal volume.
in an embodiment, the claimed invention includes an oral-fluid collection and testing device that. is simple to operate. the device includes a body assembly and a cap assembly that are easy to handle by a user. a collection sponge projects from an end of the body assembly for absorbing the oral fluid of a donor, a cap assembly is easily aligned with the body assembly by way of visual alignment indicators on both the body and the cap. once the cap is aligned with the body, a user simply pushes the cap onto the 'body, which causes a first stage fluid, flow. more specifically, a buffer fluid is released from the cap and mixes with the oral fluid collected on the sponge-after waiting a short time* the cap is rotated, then pushed again, causing a second-stage fluid flow in which the sponge is compressed such that the buffer fluid/oral fluid exits the sponge and flows toward a. pair of test strips. a user can then easily view the test results by observing a visual indication, such as a color change of the test strips through a viewing window.
closing device for containers, such as bottles, cans, or the like, comprising a stable coupling element (220) at a dispensing opening (201) of said container (200) and a removable closing element (230), to close said dispensing opening, comprising engaging members (233) of said closing element (230) in said closing position, wherein,the stable coupling element (220) at a container opening consists of a cylindrical capsule which peripherally delimits at least one dispensing duct (224) open at the two ends of said capsule,said capsule (220) having a stable coupling end to be coupled to the wall (201) that surrounds an opening of said container (200),said capsule (220) having an end opposite the container (200) and provided with removable coupling members (227) to be removably coupled to a closing element (230);a closing element (230) shaped as a cylindrical cup and having coupling members (233) intended to engage the coupling members (227) at the opposite-to-the-container end of said capsule (220),characterized in thatsaid closing element (230) has an axial annular extension (240) at the head end facing the container (200), the annular extension (240) being connected to the said closing element (230) by a number of bridges (245) of material spread along its circumference,said axial extension (240) of the closing element (230) being provided with axial and/or circumferential retaining members cooperating with retaining members integral with said capsule (220), so that upon removal of said closing element (230), the bridges of material (245) are cut due to a relative circumferential and/or axial movement between said closing element (230) and said ring (240) .
calibrating a plurality of fluid sensors of a remote metering system is disclosed. the system includes a material supply device including a main pump and a main flow sensor for monitoring an output of the main pump. the application system also includes a remote metering system for receiving the material flowing from the material supply device and applying the material to substrates. the remote metering system includes a first applicator assembly including a first applicator and a first flow sensor for monitoring an output of the first applicator, and a second applicator assembly including a second applicator and a second flow sensor for monitoring an output of the second applicator. the remote metering system further includes a controller in signal communication with the remote metering station and the material supply device. the controller performs a first and second calibration operations on the first and second flow sensors, respectively.
a decorative laminate is disclosed, including a first laminate layer containing an anti-microbial agent and a second laminate layer. a decorative layer is disposed selectively between the first laminate layer and the second laminate layer. the first and second laminate layers include a thermoplastic fluoropolymer material. the first laminate layer, the decorative layer, and the second laminate layer are laminated together to form the decorative laminate, which is configured for application to a structural component.
provided is power work equipment using a fuel container and/or a lubricating oil container that is/are easily replaced for the power work equipment, and supply(ies) liquid fuel and/or lubricating oil optimized for driving. a chainsaw (1a) (power work equipment) includes a main body (10) having an internal combustion engine (50), and a fuel container (90a) and/or a lubricating oil container (100a) detachably attached to the main body (10). a connection part (92) of the fuel container (90a) is connected with the fuel suction unit (60) in a liquid-tight manner, and a bag (91) is configured to collapse as liquid fuel (f) in the bag (91) decreases. a connection part (102) of the lubricating oil container (100a) is connected with a lubricating-oil suction unit (70) in a liquid-tight manner, and a bag (101) is configured to collapse as lubricating oil (l) in the bag (101) decreases.
a microelectromechanical sensor (mems) package includes a gyroscope and an accelerometer. the gyroscope is located within a low-pressure cavity that is sealed from an external pressure. the accelerometer is located within a cavity, and the seal for the accelerometer cavity is entirely within the gyroscope cavity. under normal operating conditions, the accelerometer seal holds the accelerometer cavity at a higher pressure than the pressure of the enclosing gyroscope cavity. in the event that one of the gyroscope seal or the accelerometer seal is broken, the gyroscope senses the change in pressure and a failure is identified.
a butterfly valve which may enhance corrosion resistance or acid resistance with keeping its strength, have light weight and realize mass production, and method of manufacturing the same. are disclosed. the butterfly valve comprises a body in which an inserting space is formed and a disk inserted into the inserting space of the body, wherein fluid flow is opened or closed in response to rotation of the disk. here, the disk includes a disk body formed of a metal, and at least one plastic layer formed on the disk body.
the present invention relates to the use of an antimicrobial liquid crystal composition for coating a surface, said composition comprising amphiphilic lipids, antimicrobial agents and water for forming liquid crystals at and/or above room temperature. the invention further relates to corresponding surface coating methods and also to surface-coated devices, optionally medical devices and implants featuring said liquid crystal compositions.
there is provided an apparatus (20) for monitoring a condition of an electrical power transmission medium (22), the apparatus (20) comprising: a signal source (24) for transmitting a signal (30) to travel along the electrical power transmission medium (22); and a monitoring device (26) configured to detect one or more reflected signals (34) in the electrical power transmission medium (22), wherein the monitoring device (24) is configured to use the or each detected reflected signal (34) to determine a change in capacitance of the electrical power transmission medium (22).
a blood purification apparatus that detects dislodgement of a puncture needle is provided. the apparatus includes an arterial electrode (d1), a venous electrode (d2), a power source (8) capable of causing a current to flow through an arterial puncture needle (a) and a venous puncture needle (b) that are stuck in a patient, a body-surface electrode (d3) closely attached to a body surface of the patient, a detection device (9) capable of acquiring a heart rate of the patient in accordance with an electrical signal detected by the body-surface electrode (d3), a monitoring device (10) capable of monitoring in real time the current flowing through the arterial electrode (d1) or the venous electrode (d2) and a change in an impedance in a body of the patient that is detected by the detection device (9), and an identifying device (11) capable of identifying a dislodged state where the arterial puncture needle (a) or the venous puncture needle (b) is dislodged from the patient, in accordance with the change in the impedance that is an object of monitoring by the monitoring device (10).
provided is an acetic acid production method that enables, in a scrubbing system, efficient separation and obtaining of methyl iodide and an absorbing solvent; restrainment of corrosion of the interior of a distillation column; efficient separation between and recovery of hydrogen iodide and methyl iodide; or sufficient recovery of hydrogen iodide. the acetic acid production method according to the present invention includes a first absorption step and a second absorption step. in the first absorption step, an offgas is brought into contact with a first absorbent to allow the first absorbent to absorb an iodine compound from the offgas, to give a first gas, where the first absorbent includes at least one of c2 or higher alcohols, esters of c3 or higher carboxylic acids, esters between carboxylic acids and c2 or higher alcohols, ethers, ketones, water, and basic aqueous solutions. in the second absorption step, the first gas is brought into contact with a second absorbent to allow the second absorbent to absorb an iodine compound from the first gas, where the second absorbent includes at least one of c2 or higher alcohols, esters of c3 or higher carboxylic acids, ethers, esters between carboxylic acids and c2 or higher alcohols, ketones, water, basic aqueous solutions, and acetic acid and differs in composition from the first absorbent.
the invention provides a non-naturally occurring microbial organism having a hexamethylenediamine pathway. the microbial organism contains at least one exogenous nucleic acid encoding an enzyme in the hexamethylenediamine pathway. the invention additionally provides a method for producing hexamethylenediamine. the method can include culturing a hexamethylenediamine producing microbial organism, where the microbial organism expresses at least one exogenous nucleic acid encoding a hexamethylenediamine pathway enzyme in a sufficient amount to produce the hexamethylenediamine, under conditions and for a sufficient period of time to produce hexamethylenediamine.
a metering pump is typically used to move a specified volume of liquid in a specified amount of time. because it may be desirable to maintain fluid in the pumping system such that the metering pump is maintained in a primed condition, an automatic prime detection function is provided by monitoring the current to a solenoid assembly of the pump. a loss of prime condition can then be detected by comparing the measured current to a characterized selected current value such that operation of the metering pump can be changed based on load.
corrosion inhibition systems, including coated substrates, coating materials and corrosion inhibition compounds, and methods of making the same are disclosed. these systems and methods include corrosion inhibition compounds that are responsive to corrosion at a surface, releasing active inhibitor groups upon a corrosion stimulus. the active inhibitor groups are selected to block corrosion at the surface by inhibiting oxidation reactions, reduction reactions and/or by forming a passivation layer.
[object] to be able to detect seal breakage of a container portion for containing an article by a simpler scheme.[solution] there is provided a signal processing device including: a processor that executes a program; and a memory that stores the program for causing the processor to function as a detection unit that transmits a signal to one or more signal lines formed of a breakable material in such a manner that the signal passes through regions corresponding to one or more respective container portions of a package for containing articles, and detects seal breakage of each container portion on the basis of whether the transmitted signal returns via each region.
methods for dynamically programming and dynamically reading one or more resistive change elements within a resistive change element array are disclosed. these methods include first pre-charging all of the array lines within a resistive change element array simultaneously and then grounding certain array lines while allowing other array lines to float in order to direct discharge currents through only selected cells. in this way, resistive change elements within resistive change element arrays made up of 1-r cellsthat is, cells without in situ selection circuitry--can be reliably and rapidly accessed and programed.
program products, methods, and systems for providing fitness monitoring services are disclosed. in an embodiment, a method for providing heart rate information to a user of a portable fitness monitoring service includes: (a) defining a plurality of heart rate zones as ranges of percentages of a maximum heart rate; (b) associating a color with each of said heart rate zones; (c) receiving heart rate information from the user; and (d) providing a graphical display of the heart rate information, wherein a color of a portion of the graphical display corresponds with the color associated with one of said heart rate zones, wherein steps (a)-(d) are executed using at least one processor.
the present invention relates to an aluminum alloy material for a gas tube included in an exhaust gas recirculation (egr) system, and more specifically, comprising: a core material; an outer material cladded onto one surface or two surfaces of the core material; and an intermediate material cladded in between the core material and the outer material to prevent magnesium from the core material diffusing into the outer material, wherein the core material comprises copper (cu), silicon (si), iron (fe), magnesium (mg), manganese (mn), titanium (ti), and aluminum (al). the aluminum alloy material for the gas tube in the egr cooler, according to the present invention, provides the advantage of maintaining a long life even under extreme environments due to excellent hardness and corrosion resistance.
in a method to determine hardness of water, a sample of the water is taken, the sample is treated by adding an ion exchange (iex) material to the sample which is configured to exchange at least one hardness causing ion species in the sample by another ion species, resulting in a change of an electrical property of the sample, the change of the electrical property is quantified by conducting a measurement of the electrical property in the treated sample and a reference measurement of the electrical property in an untreated reference sample and the quantified change of the electrical property is used as an indicator of the hardness of the water. an iex material configured to be used in this method has a moisture content of 1 to 25 wt% and is contained in a moisture resistant, closed container in an amount of lg to 50g. a device to conduct the method is configured to receive result data from the measurements and comprises a data processing unit which is configured to process the result data to quantify a change of the electrical property and a display unit which is coupled to the data processing unit and is configured to display the water hardness.
the present invention relates to methods and reagents for use in site-selective modification of proteins having lysine residues with functionalized peptides using a chemoenzymatic microbial transglutaminase-mediated reaction. the functionalized proteins may be used for study or therapeutic uses.
the present invention relates to a microbial cell for producing at least one l-amino acid from at least one c1-c4 alkane, wherein the cell comprises:(v) an increased expression relative to the wild type cell of enzyme e1 capable of converting the alkane to a corresponding 1-alkanol;(vi) an increased expression relative to the wild type cell of enzyme e2 capable of converting the 1-alkanol of (i) to a corresponding aldehyde; and either(vii)(a)- an increased expression relative to the wild type cell of enzyme e3 capable of converting the aldehyde of (ii) to a corresponding alkanoic acid; and- a wild-type level expression of enzyme e4 or an increased expression relative to the wild type cell of enzyme e4 capable of converting the alkanoic acid of (iii) to a corresponding fatty acyl thioester; or(b)- an increased expression relative to the wild type cell of enzyme e5 capable of converting the aldehyde of (ii) to a corresponding fatty acyl thioester;and(viii) an increased expression relative to the wild type cell of enzyme e6 capable of converting the fatty acyl thioester of (iii) to a corresponding amino acid
intestines processing system comprising a conveyor track with carriers, a tissue breaking section and a gallbladder removal station, wherein each carrier is equipped to carry an intestines package taken out of a poultry carcass, said intestines package at least comprising liver, gizzard and gallbladder, wherein the carrier is equipped to move the intestines package through the tissue breaking section for breaking at least some of the tissue connections in the intestines package below the gallbladder, and to move the intestines package through the gallbladder removal station for removing the gallbladder from the remainder of the intestines package, wherein the tissue breaking section comprises a conveyor roll for conveying the intestines package jointly with the carriers of the conveyor track, wherein the conveyor roll has an entrance section distant from the gallbladder removal station and an exit section proximate to the gallbladder removal station, wherein the conveyor roll is upward tilting with a first vertical distance from the entrance section to the conveyor track that is larger than a second vertical distance from the exit section to the conveyor track.
a method includes receiving, at a network service exchange system, a request from a device. the request indicates one or more service parameters. the method includes, in response to receiving the request, validating the device and the one or more service parameters. a reverse auction is performed to select a service provider from among a plurality of candidate service providers. the service provider is selected based on the one or more service parameters. the method further includes, after selecting the service provider, performing an over-the-air provisioning process to enable the device to communicate using a network associated with the service provider.
a dynamic impacting method comprises:a. preparation of metallic glass particles or liquid metal alloy particles (1); andb. bombardment of the metallic glass particles or liquid metal alloy particles (1) against a substrate (2) to harden a surface of the substrate (2) and to form a thin film (10) of metallic glass or liquid metal alloy on the surface of the substrate (2) for increasing corrosion resistance of the surface of the substrate (2).
methods, apparatus, and systems for medical procedures are disclosed herein and include a monitoring and processing apparatus that includes a memory configured to store a diagnostic algorithm, a sensor configured to sense a patient data of a first patient, a processor configured to generate a first diagnostic result based on the patient data and the diagnostic algorithm. a local computing device is provided and includes a processor and configured to receive the first diagnostic result via a first network, receive a first correction indication that comprises a correction of the first diagnostic result and transmit the first correction indication via a second network. a remote computing device may be provided and be configured to generate an updated diagnostic algorithm that is updated based on the first correction indication and transmit the updated diagnostic algorithm via the second network.
methods, apparatus, and systems for medical procedures are disclosed herein and include an external or implantable monitoring and processing apparatus that includes a memory, a sensor and a processor. the processor may be configured to receive biometric patient data from the sensor and transmit, via a first network, the biometric patient data based on a triggering cause. a local computing device may be configured to receive the biometric patient data via the first network, generate a combined patient data based at least on the received biometric patient data, and transmit the combined patient data via a second network. a remote computing system configured to receive the combined patient data via the second network, determine that a critical event is detected based on the combined patient data, and initiate a critical event action based on determining that the critical event is detected.
the present invention relates to the antagonistic bacteria that are used to prevent and eliminate tobacco bacterial wilt and their microbial organic fertilizer, which belong to the technology for agricultural intensive production. the present invention separates two antagonistic bacteria (brevibacillus brevis njl-25 and bacillus cereus njl-14) that have remarkable antagonistic action against the pathogens of tobacco bacterial wilt. microbial organic fertilizer is produced from these antagonistic bacteria and organic compost. wherein, the content of each of njl-25 and njl-14 is above 1ã—1010 cfu/g, the content of total nitrogen is 4âˆ¼5% (above 90% of the nitrogen is organic nitrogen), the content of total nitrogen-phosphorus-potassium nutrient is 6âˆ¼10% and the content of organic matter is 30âˆ¼35%. as indicated by experiments, after the microbial organic fertilizer is applied into soil, it will enable rapid multiplication of the antagonistic bacteria into a dominant microflora in the soil and achieve more than 97.6% of biocontrol rate of tobacco bacterial wilt in the soil suffering from tobacco bacterial wilt. if the microbial organic fertilizer is applied in the soil without continuous cropping obstacle in a long time, it can prevent the occurrence of the bacterial wilt of continuous cropping tobacco to a great extent.
the present invention includes novel chemical formulations having antimicrobial activity and their methods of use thereof. in some embodiments, the formulation further comprises at least one fungus.
a heat exchange unit includes a heat exchanger including a plurality of heat transfer tubes and a plurality of refrigerant distributors. each of the plurality of refrigerant distributors includes an inlet pipe through which refrigerant flows into the refrigerant distributor and a plurality of distribution pipes through which the refrigerant flows out of the refrigerant distributor. each of the plurality of distribution pipes is connected to a corresponding one of the plurality of heat transfer tubes. the inlet pipe of the refrigerant distributor having a relatively low average value of levels of the plurality of distribution pipes connected to the plurality of heat transfer tubes has a smaller inside diameter than the inlet pipe of the refrigerant distributor having a relatively high average value of levels of the plurality of distribution pipes connected to the plurality of heat transfer tubes. in each of the plurality of refrigerant distributors, the distribution pipe that is included in the plurality of distribution pipes and that is connected at a relatively low level to the heat transfer tube has a smaller inside diameter than the distribution pipe that is included in the plurality of distribution pipes and that is connected at a relatively high level to the heat transfer tube.
aspects and features are directed to an uplink integrity detection sub-system. in one aspect, a distributed antenna system is provided that includes a remote antenna unit that communicates with wireless devices in a coverage area, additional remote antenna units that communicate with wireless devices in additional coverage areas, and a unit that communicates with the remote antenna unit and the additional remote antenna units. the unit includes a distributed antenna system controller. the distributed antenna system controller can determine that an undesirable signal component having a power level exceeding a threshold power is communicated via an uplink path from the remote antenna unit. the distributed antenna system controller can also minimize an impact of the undesirable signal component on the additional coverage areas of the additional remote antenna units. minimizing the impact can include modifying the gain of the uplink path over which the undesirable signal component is communicated.
the purpose of the present invention is to provide a water-based treatment solution which makes it possible to form a chemical-conversion-treated coating film having further improved corrosion resistance. the present invention relates to a water-based treatment solution for a chemical conversion treatment of a steel sheet or a plated steel sheet. the water-based treatment solution contains an organic resin including a fluororesin, a group-4a metal compound, and at least one binding promoter selected from the group consisting of dimethyl adipate, diethyl adipate, di(iso)propyl adipate, di(iso)butyl adipate, dimethyl phthalate, diethyl phthalate, di(iso)propyl phthalate and di(iso)butyl phthalate.
the invention relates to a process for preparing stable suspensions of associates zerovalent selenium and silica nanoparticles, intended for application as plant biostimulants, to increase resistance to abiotic stress factors, to enhance plant nutrients uptake and use and to improve yield quality. process according to the invention includes the following steps: cultivation of microbial strains highly producing amphiphile proteins with affinity for carbohydrates, on a mediums that promote the induction of those genes, separation of the plant biostimulants fungal mycelium and adding over biosilica rich plant material together with sterile minimal mineral medium, incubation, together with amphiphile proteins recovered from the original medium, removal of the mycelium and plant material, aseptic adding of a 10 mm sodium selenite solution, in supernatant containing spores, excess amphiphile proteins, silica nanoparticles, incubation for the formation of the selenium nanoparticles, followed by tangential ultrafiltration separation of the newly formed mycelium, concentration of nanoparticles suspension resulted as permeate through tangential ultrafiltration, followed by its sterilization by ultrafiltration.
a method of monitoring a rock drilling and a rock drilling device. the method comprises generating a stress wave which propagates in a tool (9) of the rock drilling device, measuring the stress wave propagating in the tool and measuring a drilling parameter indicating a drilling penetration rate (dpr). the method further comprises identifying, from the measured stress wave propagating in the tool, at least one of a compressive stress wave and a tensile stress wave of a reflected stress wave reflected from a rock (12) to be drilled back to the tool, determining at least one property of the at least one of the compressive stress wave and the tensile stress wave of the reflected stress wave, detecting, on the basis of a change in the at least one property of the at least one of the compressive stress wave and the tensile stress wave, that the tool is approaching the cavity (16).
the invention relates to surface treatment of a metal surface with a galactaric acid compound in order to improve the corrosion resistance thereof. the invention thus provides an article comprising or consisting of a substrate and a film layer deposited on at least a part of the surface of the substrate, wherein said substrate is composed of a metal or alloy, and wherein said film layer comprises a galactaric acid compound. the invention further provides a surface treatment method wherein a metal substrate is contacted with an aqueous treatment liquid comprising more than 1000 ppm of galactaric acid, galactarate salts, or combinations thereof; the aqueous treatment liquid; and use of the aqueous treatment liquid for improving the corrosion resistance of a substrate surface and/or for improving adhesion of paint.
the present invention relates to a food package (1), comprising a closure (2), a package body (3), and a freshness indicator (4). the present invention further relates to a method (10) of evaluating the quality of a food in the food package, and a system (20) for real-time monitoring spoilage degree of package food.
the present invention provides a ni-cr-based brazing alloy comprising, on the basis of mass %: 15% < cr < 30%; 3% < p < 12%; 0% â‰¤ si < 8%; 0.01% < c < 0.06%; 0% â‰¤ ti+zr < 0.1%; 0.01% < v < 0.1%; 0% â‰¤ al < 0.01%; 0.005% < o < 0.025%; 0.001% < n < 0.050%; 0% â‰¤ nb < 0.1%; and the balance being ni and incidental impurities, wherein inequality (1): 0.2 â‰¤ 0.24v%/c% â‰¤ 1.0 is satisfied if the alloy contains no nb, and inequality (2): 0.2 â‰¤ (0.24v%+0.13nb%)/c% â‰¤ 1.0 is satisfied if the alloy contains nb. the invention provides an inexpensive ni-cr-based brazing alloy containing a trace amount of v for use in the production of stainless steel heat exchangers and other steel articles. the alloy has a low liquidus temperature and high corrosion resistance, and achieves high brazing strength.
to provide an information processing device which is capable of suppressing corrosion of a terminal to which a cable or the like is connected, and which is novel and improved.there is provided an information processing device including a voltage detection unit configured to monitor a voltage value of a signal output at a predetermined timing, and a signal control unit configured to stop output of the signal if the voltage value after a predetermined time elapses from when the voltage value detected by the voltage detection unit exceeds a first value does not exceed a second value greater than the first value.
the present invention relates generally to the field of detection of microorganisms, in particular detection of bacteria, to methods for measuring enzyme activity, such as dna polymerase activity, and particularly relates to such methods performed on microbial crude lysates, useful for determining microbial enzyme activities which can be linked to amplification signal generators such as real-time polymerase chain reaction (pcr) techniques, thereby enabling determination of microbial pathogens in samples such as unpurified blood and other body fluids. this invention also relates to reagents for use in such methods, and to test kits comprising such reagents for carrying out the methods.
a remote tractor control system (10) with a hand held remote control unit (12) having an enable button (16) that when actuated sends signals from a plurality of command buttons (18,...32) on the hand held remote control unit (12) to a three point hitch controller, a transmission controller and an engine controller on a tractor. when not actuated, a rear switch module (36) may be used to raise and lower the three point hitch or creep in forward or reverse, while the hand held remote control unit (12) may display information about tractor condition from the engine controller.
the invention relates to an impact sensor device (1), comprising an elongated body (3) having a circumferential outer wall (5) and a hollow interior (7), the outer wall (5) comprising a resilient material. the body (3) comprises a first end section (9) and second end section (11), the sensor device (1) further comprises a control unit (13). the device further comprises an actuator (15) providing a sound signal (17) directed into the hollow interior (7) of the body (3), the actuator (15) being arranged at the first end section (9). the device further comprises a sensor (19) for monitoring the sound signal (17), the sensor (19) being arranged at the second end section (11). the resilient outer wall (5) of the body (3) is arranged so as to cause a geometrical change in a cross section of the hollow interior (7) when the body (3) is subjected to an impact with an external object (21), wherein the control unit (13) is arranged to monitor the sound signal (17) and alterations thereof, which alterations are contingent on geometrical changes of the cross section of the hollow interior (7). the invention further relates to a fork-lift truck comprising such an impact sensor device (1), and a method of arranging such an impact sensor device (1) to a fork-lift truck.
embodiments include techniques for developing a model framework for remote unit monitoring condition-based maintenance. the techniques include collecting data associated with unplanned service requests, and generating one or more models from the collected data. the techniques also include predicting unplanned service requests based at least in part on the one or more models, and transmitting an output of the prediction of the unplanned service request.
a direct current (dc) overvoltage monitoring and protection device includes an overvoltage sensor (24) operably connected to an electrical power input line (14). the overvoltage sensor is configured to change state upon detection of a voltage over a preselected threshold. an overvoltage relay (30, 36) is operably connected to the overvoltage sensor. the overvoltage relay includes one or more relay switches configured to move between a first position and a second position when the voltage over the preselected threshold is detected. an independent relay power source (40) is operably connected to the overvoltage relay to provide electrical power to the overvoltage relay, separate from the electrical power being monitored via the electrical power input line.
stents generally can include multiple longitudinal elements each extending over a majority of the length of the stent and each having alternating flexible and rigid segments. the stents can include nodes positioned between the flexible and rigid segments on the longitudinal elements and interconnecting members extending circumferentially to connect adjacent longitudinal elements at the nodes. the longitudinal elements can have a wave pattern and the interconnecting members can have a branch structure connecting peaks from one longitudinal element to troughs of an adjacent longitudinal element. the resulting stent structure can have lateral and longitudinal flexibility needed to navigate and conform to intracranial arteries with the benefits of recapturability and structural integrity of a closed cell design.
there is provided a coating-forming composition for an electrical steel sheet that maintains excellent insulating properties, corrosion resistance, adhesion, and the like required in a coating for an electrical steel sheet, and exhibits excellent viscosity stability, with an increase in viscosity over time being kept gradual. a coating-forming composition for an electrical steel sheet comprises colloidal silica, a phosphate, phenylphosphonic acid or a salt thereof, and an aqueous medium.
the present invention relates to processes for obtaining a lipid from a cell by lysing the cell, contacting the cell with a base and/or salt, and separating the lipid. the present invention is also directed to a lipid prepared by the processes of the present invention. the present invention is also directed to microbial lipids having a particular anisidine value, peroxide value, and/or phosphorus content.
a container assembly is disclosed including an outer container, a hollow inner member, and a closure. the outer container has a closed bottom, an open top, and a sidewall extending therebetween. the hollow inner member is disposed within the outer container and has an inner surface defining at least one capillary channel. the inner member includes a first end adjacent to the open top of the outer container and has an outer periphery seated against the sidewall of the outer container. the closure has a proximal end and a distal end. the closure proximal end is seated at least partially within the first end of the inner member to seal the outer container and inner member and define a fluid collection chamber. the closure distal end defines a recessed area shaped to direct fluid under capillary action to the at least one capillary channel in the inner member.
according to the present invention, an internal combustion engine (1): can modify a mechanical compression ratio by modifying the range in which a piston (33) slides along a cylinder bore (32); and can control the flow of cooling water inside a water jacket (31a) that is provided around the cylinder bore (32). when a cooling water temperature (tw) at the water jacket (31a), which correlates with a cylinder bore wall temperature, is below a prescribed temperature (twth), the flow of cooling water inside the water jacket (31a) is suspended, which rapidly increases the cylinder bore wall temperature and rapidly stops the condensation of water on an inner circumferential surface (32a) of the cylinder bore (32), making it possible to delay the progress of corrosion of the inner circumferential surface (32a) of the cylinder bore (32).
summarydisclosed are genetically engineered microbial cells for the production of oligosaccharides comprising a galactose-î²1,4-glucose moiety at their reducing end, wherein said microbial cells are able to produce said oligosaccharides in the absence of exogenously added lactose, and a method of producing said oligosaccharides using said microbial cells.
the invention is a method for updating a first secret data (76) in a credential container (20) including a subscriber identity module. the credential container comprises a set (77) of secret parameters customized for a network operator and is configured to execute a symmetric mutual authentication algorithm using said set. the credential container receives from a remote server (30) a second secret data (78) enciphered using a second algorithm different from said symmetric mutual authentication algorithm and a subset (79) of said secret parameters, the credential container deciphers the enciphered second secret data by using both the subset and a third algorithm and replaces the first secret data with the second secret data.
the present invention provides a method for simple and effective monitoring of a dynamic change in a cell or a derivative thereof. more specifically, the present invention provides a method for monitoring a dynamic change in a cell, which includes preparing a plurality of compartments containing at least one cell or a derivative thereof and at least one bead, and repeatedly obtaining over time both state measurement information of the cell or the derivative thereof in each compartment, and imaging information of the bead to monitor a dynamic change in each cell or derivative thereof in the plurality of compartments, wherein the imaging information of the bead in each compartment can be clearly distinguished from each other and becomes an index of identifying the cell or the derivative thereof contained in each compartment.
this invention relates to a method for preparing compositions for preventing or treating microbial infections, compositions suitable for use in such treatments and methods for treatment or prevention of infections. one such composition finds particular use in treating mastitis in ruminants. the composition is administered into the udder of an animal as a highly effective treatment for mastitis, or as a prophylactic therapy, by means of an intra-mammary infusion. the milk produced by the animal, during treatment using the composition and method of the invention, is free of residues, such as antibiotics, antimicrobial agents or antimicrobial proteins, which could affect its suitability for drinking or in the production of milk products, such as cheese or yoghurt. the compositions and methods are also useful in treating and preventing lung infections; and infections in burns and wounds; and other infections caused by biofilms. the compositions may also be used on medical devices to prevent infection.
a system and method for comparative performance monitoring of software release versions is disclosed. a remote network management platform may include a computational instance for managing a network. transactions between a server of the computational instance and a client device in the managed network may be logged to a database. transactions may be carried out by a release version of a set of program code units executing on the server. a software application executing on a computing device may retrieve and analyze a first set of transactions carried out by a first release version of the set of program code units to determine a first set of performance metrics, and do the same for a second set of transactions carried out by a second release version of the set of program code units to determine a second set of performance metrics. a classification filter may be applied to the metrics, and a quantitative comparison of the filtered first and second sets of performance metrics may be displayed on graphical user device.
the taxonomic resolution obtained with conventional sequencing methods like sanger (longer read lengths) takes a huge amount of time. while, ngs technologies (shorter read lengths) involves a lot of cost in sequencing. in addition to that the accuracy and depth of taxonomic classification is also less. a method and system for improving accuracy of amplicon sequencing based taxonomic profiling of microbial communities has been provided. the proposed strategy relies on obtaining taxonomic abundance profiles of a microbial community from two paired-end sequencing experiments, each of which targets different pair-wise combinations of non-contiguous (or contiguous) v-regions. the two taxonomic profiles are then combined based on (pre-estimated) accuracies of the individual v-regions (targeted in the experiments) in resolving each of the taxonomic groups under consideration.
a video transmitting device (230) is to be provided in a vehicle (200) and includes a first acquiring unit (231) that acquires first video information from an imaging unit (210) that captures images of the surroundings of the vehicle (200), a risk map creating unit (234) that creates a risk map indicating a risk region in traveling of the vehicle (200), a video creating unit (235) that creates second video information having a data amount smaller than a data amount of the first video information on the basis of the risk map, and a communication unit (237) that transmits the second video information to a remote monitoring device (130) for remotely monitoring the vehicle (200).
anodic oxide coatings that provide corrosion resistance to parts having protruding features, such as edges, corners and convex-shaped features, are described. according to some embodiments, the anodic oxide coatings include an inner porous layer and an outer porous layer. the inner layer is adjacent to an underlying metal substrate and is formed under compressive stress anodizing conditions that allow the inner porous layer to be formed generally crack-free. in this way, the inner porous layer acts as a barrier that prevents water or other corrosion-inducing agents from reaching the underlying metal substrate. the outer porous layer can be thicker and harder than the inner porous layer, thereby increasing the overall hardness of the anodic oxide coating.
aspects described herein generally relate to a sol-gel that is the reaction product of a hydroxy organosilane, a metal alkoxide, an acid stabilizer, and a corrosion inhibitor. the hydroxy organosilane is represented by formula (i):wherein r is selected from alkyl, cycloalkyl, ether, and aryl. the acid stabilizer is at a molar ratio of acid stabilizer to metal alkoxide of 1:1 or greater and the sol-gel has a ph from about 3 to about 4.
the present invention addresses a problem of providing, for example, a metal surface treatment agent capable of forming a coating film that exhibits good corrosion resistance at edges, such as cut portions, of a coated metal material. the problem is solved by a metal surface treatment agent comprising: an ion (a) containing at least one kind of metal selected from zirconium, titanium and hafnium at a metal-equivalent molar concentration of 0.1 mmol/l or higher; and an aqueous urethane resin (b) having a weight-average molecular weight of 50,000 or higher at a solid mass concentration of 0.5 to 10 g/l, in which the ratio of a solid mass (bm) of the resin (b) to a metal-equivalent mass (am) of the ion (a), [bm/am], is 0.7 or higher.
a polyester type aqueous coating composition that can be favorably used for metal cans such as beverage cans and can lids . the aqueous coating composition comprises a polyester resin having an acid value of not less than 5 mgkoh/g but less than 30 mgkoh/g and a curing agent having a functional group capable of reacting with a carboxyl group possessed by the polyester resin. the aqueous coating composition is capable of forming a coating that features excellent workability, curability and corrosion resistance.
provided is an aluminum coated material having a coating film on a surface of an aluminum material, and capable of exerting excellent corrosion resistance even under severe use conditions while being chromium-free. the coating film is formed on a surface of the aluminum material with a silica-containing film including a water dispersible silica, a phosphorus compound, and a silane coupling agent provided therebetween. the silica-containing film includes 0.5 to 35 mass% of a silane coupling agent, and has si and p contents of 2 to 60, and 0.1 to 6.0 mg/m2, respectively, and a p/si mass ratio of p content and si content of 0.02 to 0.15. further, provided is a method for producing such an aluminum coated material.
closing device for containers, such as bottles, cans, or the like, comprising a stable coupling element (220) at a dispensing opening (201) of said container (200) and a removable closing element (230), to close said dispensing opening, comprising engaging members (233) of said closing element (230) in said closing position, wherein,the stable coupling element (220) at a container opening consists of a cylindrical capsule which peripherally delimits at least one dispensing duct (224) open at the two ends of said capsule,said capsule (220) having a stable coupling end to be coupled to the wall (201) that surrounds an opening of said container (200),said capsule (220) having an end opposite the container (200) and provided with removable coupling members (227) to be removably coupled to a closing element (230);a closing element (230) shaped as a cylindrical cup and having coupling members (233) intended to engage the coupling members (227) at the opposite-to-the-container end of said capsule (220),characterized in thatsaid closing element (230) has an axial annular extension (240) at the head end facing the container (200), the annular extension (240) being connected to the said closing element (230) by a number of bridges (245) of material spread along its circumference,said axial extension (240) of the closing element (230) being provided with axial and/or circumferential retaining members cooperating with retaining members integral with said capsule (220), so that upon removal of said closing element (230), the bridges of material (245) are cut due to a relative circumferential and/or axial movement between said closing element (230) and said ring (240) .
various implementations disclosed herein include devices, systems, and methods that enable a device to provide a view of virtual elements and a physical environment where the presentation of the virtual elements is based on positioning relative to the physical environment. in one example, a device is configured to detect a change in positioning of a virtual element, for example, when a virtual element is added, moved, or the physical environment around the virtual element is changed. the location of the virtual element in the physical environment is used to detect an attribute of the physical environment upon which the presentation of the virtual element depends. thus, the device is further configured to detect an attribute (e.g., surface, table, mid-air, etc.) of the physical environment based on the placement of the virtual element and present the virtual element based on the detected attribute.
a package (1000) is presented comprising a bag (100) of flexible material and a folded element (200) placed outside the bag (100), wherein the package further comprises a container (300), for example an envelope, interposed between the bag (100) and the folded element (200). a method for making such a package is also presented.
methods for dynamically programming and dynamically reading one or more resistive change elements within a resistive change element array are disclosed. these methods include first pre-charging all of the array lines within a resistive change element array simultaneously and then grounding certain array lines while allowing other array lines to float in order to direct discharge currents through only selected cells. in this way, resistive change elements within resistive change element arrays made up of 1-r cellsthat is, cells without in situ selection circuitry--can be reliably and rapidly accessed and programed.
a method of processing image data captured by an image capture device of a surgical system, the method comprising monitoring network conditions of a communications link utilized to transmit to a remote display video image data of a surgical procedure, the video image data being captured by an endoscopic image capture device located at a remote surgical site of the surgical procedure; adjusting an encoding configuration of a video encoder in response to an input received from monitoring the network conditions and associated with a change in the network conditions that affects transmission of the video image data to the remote display; and encoding the video image data of the surgical procedure captured after the change of the network conditions, the encoding using the video encoder having the adjusted encoding configuration.
an antimicrobial lubricant applied to an outer surface of an introducer needle as part of a catheter assembly device. the catheter assembly device further includes a blood control septum having a slit through which the introducer needle is threaded. the antimicrobial lubricant is squeegeed, or removed from the outer surface of the introducer needle as the needle is removed from the slit following catheterization. the removed antimicrobial lubricant forms a deposit on the septum at a location proximate to the slit, thereby preventing colonization and growth of pathogens on the septum and other adjacent components and surfaces of the catheter assembly device.
provided is a fe-al-based plated hot-stamped member exhibiting more excellent formed part corrosion resistance and post-coating corrosion resistance and a manufacturing method of the fe-al-based plated hot-stamped member. a hot-stamping member according to the present invention includes a fe-al-based plated layer located on one surface or both surfaces of a base material, the base material has a predetermined steel component, the fe-al-based plated layer has a thickness of 10 âµm or more and 60 âµm or less, formed by four layers of an a layer, a b layer, a c layer and a d layer sequentially from a surface toward the base material, and each of the four layers is a fe-al-based intermetallic compound containing al, fe, si, mn and cr for predetermined contents with the balance made up of impurities, the d layer further contains kirkendall voids each of which cross-sectional area is 3 âµm2 or more and 30 âµm2 or less for 10 pieces/6000 âµm2 or more and 40 pieces/6000 âµm2 or less.
[problem] to provide a control apparatus that is capable of continuing monitoring even when an environmental change causes fluctuation in the coverage area of a sensor. [solution] this control apparatus is provided with: a coverage area prediction means 1; and a control means 2. the coverage area prediction means 1 predicts, on the basis of the measurement result of the environment of an area in which an object is to be detected, a coverage area that is a range in which a stationary sensor for detecting objects can carry out measurement. the control means 2 determines the position where a mobile sensor for detecting objects is to be disposed, and controls the mobile sensor, on the basis of the coverage area predicted by the coverage area prediction means 1 and the probability that the object is present.
an integrated access system, a configuration method, and a baseband unit are provided. an embodiment of this application provides an integrated access system, including a first baseband unit bbu, a second bbu, a first data exchange unit, a first base station network management subsystem, a second base station network management subsystem, and a first pico remote radio unit prru. the first bbu is connected to the first data exchange unit, the first bbu is connected to the first base station network management subsystem, the first bbu is connected to the second bbu, the second bbu is connected to the second base station network management subsystem, and the first prru is connected to the first data exchange unit.
the invention is concerned with a method (19) for providing a new software-based functionality (f) in at least one vehicle (12). the method (19) comprises the following steps: a digital model generation engine (23) generates a functionality model (24) of the functionality (f) on the basis of requirement data (20) that describe at least one requirement (21) that is to be fulfilled by the new functionality (f); a digital model transformation engine (25) transforms the functionality model (24) into a software code (18); a digital testing engine (26) generates at least one virtual testing scenario (27) on the basis of the functionality model (24) and verifies correct fulfillment of the at least one requirement (21) by the software code (18); and an update system (28) and/or function-on-demand system installs the software code (18) in the at least one vehicle (12) using a remote update connection (14).
some embodiments of the invention relate to generating (s110) correction information based on global or regional navigation satellite system (nss) multiple-frequency signals observed at a network of reference stations, broadcasting (s120) the correction information, receiving (s140) the correction information at one or more monitoring stations, estimating (s150) ambiguities in the carrier phase of the nss signals observed at the monitoring station(s) using the correction information received thereat, generating residuals (s160), generating (s170) post-broadcast integrity information based thereon, and broadcasting (s180) the post-broadcast integrity information. other embodiments relate to receiving (s220, s320) and processing (s230, s235, s240, s330, s335, s340) correction information and post-broadcast integrity information at nss receivers (200) or at devices (300) which may have no nss receiver, as well as to systems (400), nss receivers (200), devices (300) which may have no nss receiver, processing centers, and computer programs. some embodiments may for example be used for safety-critical applications such as highly-automated driving and autonomous driving.
a monitoring system for pneumatic shafts and pneumatic shaft adapters. a sensor assembly (60) is physically joined in operative engagement with the bladders (30) of pneumatic shafts (10) and adapters (80,90). sensed data is wirelessly transmitted to a remote receiver (70) for processing and display.
an antimicrobial fiber includes a plurality of charge generation fibers. the plurality of charge generation fibers generates electric charges with external energy. further, the antimicrobial fiber is characterized in that the state of the space between the plurality of charge generation fibers is not uniform.
provided is a tin-plated copper terminal material, a terminal formed from the terminal material, and an electric-wire terminal structure using the terminal: the terminal material has a substrate of copper or a copper alloy; an intermediate zinc layer of a zin alloy that is formed on the substrate and has a thickness of 0.10 âµm to 5.00 âµm; and a tin layer of tin or a tin alloy that is formed on the intermediate zinc layer and in which the length proportion occupied by low-angle grain boundaries is 2% to 30% with respect to the total length of all crystal grain boundaries; wherein galvanic corrosion is effectively suppressed.
the liquid container (10) according to the present disclosure is a liquid container (10) to be detachably attached to the main body portion (1a) of an apparatus (1). the liquid container (10) includes a container main body (10a), a ventilation hole (11, 12), and a lid (111, 112). the container main body (10a) includes an upper portion (101), a bottom portion (102), and side portions (103, 104) connecting the upper portion (101) and the bottom portion (102). the container main body (10a) is capable of storing a liquid (w). the ventilation hole (11, 12) penetrates the upper portion (101) of the container main body (10a). the lid (111, 112) is disposed on an inner side of the container main body (10a) and, when the liquid (w) is stored in the container main body (10a), is capable of closing or opening the ventilation hole (11, 12) according to a change in a surface of the liquid (w). the lid (111, 112) includes a fulcrum (111a, 112a) positioned closer to the side portion (103, 104) of the container main body (10a) than to the ventilation hole (11, 12). the lid (111, 112) is pivotable around the fulcrum (111a, 112a) with respect to the ventilation hole (11, 12).
embodiments of the present invention provide a method and an apparatus for transmitting and receiving a client signal in an optical transport network, and relate to the field of optical transport networks. the transmission method includes: mapping a received client signal into a variable-rate container otu-n, where a rate of the otu-n is n times as high as a preset reference rate level, and the value n is a configurable positive integer; splitting the variable-rate container otu-n into n optical sub-channel transport units otusubs by column, where a rate of each otusub is equal to the reference rate level; modulating the n optical sub-channel transport units otusubs onto one or more optical carriers; and sending the one or more optical carriers onto a same fiber for transmission. the embodiments of the present invention map the client signal into a variable-rate container otu-n and transmit the otu-n by using the same fiber, so as to be adaptable to change of optical-layer spectrum bandwidths and accomplish optimal configuration of optical transport network bandwidth resources.
the present invention refers to a device (1), a kit and a method of electromagnetically shielding a remote command device (101) of a crane comprising a command panel (102) having one or more levers and one or more pushbuttons and one or more knobs for managing the operations of the crane, and a transmission unit configured for a by-wire and/or wireless communication with a control unit (201) of the crane. the shielding device (101) comprises a container (2) made of an electrically conductive material and adapted to internally receive the remote command device (101) of the crane in order to form a faraday cage. the container (2) comprises one or more openings (21, 22) for gaining access to said one or more levers and/or one or more pushbuttons and/or one or more knobs of the remote command device (101) of the crane from the outside of the container (2). said one or more openings having dimensions so that the faraday cage shields the electromagnetic radiations generated inside the remote command device (101) of the crane and enables the electromagnetic waves generated by the transmission unit to pass through the faraday cage when the transmission unit wirelessly communicates with the control unit (201) of the crane.
in a display control apparatus, a cooperation unit (20) capable of detaching from a meter device (10) is prepared, and a smartphone is connected to the cooperation unit (32). the display control apparatus responds to changes in specification of a smartphone by cooperation function of the cooperation unit. the cooperation unit reads a cooperation pattern number stored in a memory (11c) on a meter device, and grasp an output image size, a display position, presence and absence of blank image. the cooperation unit receives an image data on a screen of the smartphone, and transmits image data in which change of display size, position adjustment and so on is performed to the meter device. the cooperation unit accepts a user input operation on an operation input device (31), transmits it to the smartphone so as to enable remote operation during driving.
biofilm production, which provides microbes with a multi-layered structured community attached to a surface and encased within a matrix of exopolymeric material, is associated with up-regulated virulence of infection and can limit the immune system response and/or the effectiveness of therapeutic agents. the use of lamellar bodies to modulate quorum sensing to inhibit or reduce biofilm production and for treatment of microbial infections is provided.
a process for treatment of hydrocarbon refinery wastewater producing a low bio-sludge and said process comprises utilizing microbial consortia comprising at least one species of pseudomonas and at least one species of bacillus in a ratio of 10:1 to 1:10, wherein species of pseudomonas and species of bacillus have constitutive expression of at least one hydrocarbon degrading gene, wherein the species of pseudomonas are selected from the group consisting of pseudomonas stutzeri (mtcc 25027), pseudomonas aeruginosa (mtcc 5389), pseudomonas aeruginosa strain ioc dht (mtcc, 5385), pseudomonas putida iocri (mtcc 5387), pseudomonas putida ioc5al (mtcc 5388) and a mutant thereof, wherein the species of bacillus are selected from the group consisting of bacillus subtilis (mtcc 25026), bacillus substilis (mtcc 5386), bacillus thermoleovorans (mtcc 25023), bacillus stearothermophilus (mtcc 25030), lysinibacillus sp. (mtcc 25029), lysinibacillus sp. (mtcc 5666) and a mutant thereof, and wherein the microbial consortia is used in concentration of at least 102 cfu/ml.
l'invention concerne un dispositif d'agitation rotatif (6) d'une machine de prã©paration de boissons, comprenant un outil rotatif (7) autour d'un axe a et un conduit (24) d'acheminement d'eau chaude et/ou de vapeur comportant une partie creuse (18) d'un arbre d'entrainement (12) qui communique avec une partie tubulaire (20) s'ã©tendant le long de l'axe a entre une premiã¨re extrã©mitã© (22) accouplã©e ã  l'outil rotatif et une seconde extrã©mitã© (23) accouplã©e ã  ladite partie creuse au moyen d'un dispositif d'accouplement magnã©tique (25) configurã© pour gã©nã©rer une force d'attraction magnã©tique le long de l'axe a entre l'arbre d'entrainement (12) et ladite seconde extrã©mitã© (23). le dispositif d'accouplement magnã©tique comporte un organe mã©tallique (30) agencã© sur ladite seconde extrã©mitã© (23) et formã© par une bague interne (32) rã©alisã©e en acier inoxydable rã©sistant ã  la corrosion en ambiance vapeur et une bague externe (31) rã©alisã©e en un matã©riau ferromagnã©tique. la bague interne (32) est destinã©e ã  coulisser sur ladite partie creuse (18) qui est rã©alisã©e en acier inoxydable rã©sistant ã  la corrosion en ambiance vapeur, lors de la rã©alisation de l'accouplement.
disclosed are methods and systems for transmitting a notification to modify vehicle features specific to a mission for a vehicle. for instance, a method may include obtaining feature information about the vehicle, the feature information indicating a sub-set of features the vehicle has enabled out of a full-set of features available to the vehicle; monitoring a vehicle state of the vehicle; detecting changes in the vehicle state by comparing a current vehicle state to a historical vehicle state; in response to detecting a change in the vehicle state, determining whether to transmit a notification to modify the sub-set of the features the vehicle has enabled based on an analysis of the change in the vehicle state; and in response to determining to transmit the notification, transmitting to the vehicle the notification to modify the sub-set of the features the vehicle has enabled.
a liquid dispenser (1), comprising:a container (200) configured to store liquid and having an upper rim (230) defining an upper opening;a base (100) to support the container (200) and having a thermoelectric device (191 b) to change a temperature of the liquid in the container (200);a pump (192) having an inlet (192c) to suction liquid stored in the container (200) and an outlet (192a) to discharge the liquid;a filter assembly (300) having at least one first filter (310, 326, 325a) and being supported on the upper rim (230) of the container (200), the filter assembly (300) having an inner opening (311, 321), a bottom surface (312, 322) surrounding the inner opening (311, 321), and an inclined wall (313, 323) extending from the bottom surface (312, 322) and being supported by the upper rim (230) of the container (200); anda dispensing assembly (400) to cover the inner opening (311, 321) of the filter assembly (300) such that the dispensing assembly (400) and the filter assembly (300) close the upper opening of the container (200), the dispensing assembly (400) having a top plate (420), the top plate (420) having a hole (421) communicating with the outlet (192a) of the pump (192) such that the liquid pumped by the pump (192) spreads over the top plate (420), cascades to the filter assembly (300) to be filtered by the first filter (310, 326, 325a), and returns to the container (200).
a liquid dispenser, comprising:a container (200) configured to store liquid and having an upper opening;a lid (300, 400) provided on the container (200) to cover the upper opening, the lid (300, 400) and the container (200) being configured to insulate the liquid stored in the container (200) from a temperature outside the container (200);a pump (192) configured to pump liquid to an upper surface of the lid (300 and 400); anda base (100) to support the container (200) and having a thermoelectric assembly (191b, 191 a, 180, 170, 160) to change a temperature of the liquid in the container (200), wherein the thermoelectric assembly (191 b, 191 a, 180, 170, 160) is at least partially exposed to the liquid in the container (200) via openings (112a, 225) in the base (100) and the container (200).
disclosed herein are system, method, and computer program product embodiments for synchronizing an offline briefcase. an embodiment operates by defining an offline briefcase for a user group that is accessible offline at an application. the embodiment detects a change to a component of the offline briefcase. the embodiment sends a push notification to the application based on the detected change to the component. the embodiment receives a synchronization request from the application in response to the sent push notification. the embodiment then sends the changed component to the application based on the synchronization request.
a warning on an amount of welding wire (118) remaining in a package (100) can be implemented with an indicator system integrated within the package (100). the indicator system provides a visual indication on the amount of wire (118) remaining. the visual indication is updated as the wire (118) is dispensed during a welding operation. the indicator system includes one or more sensing elements (120, 122) that engage the welding wire (118) at various locations. when the wire (118) is dispensed, the sensing elements (120, 122) eventually lose engagement and output a corresponding signal. the visual indication is updated based on the signals from the sensing elements (120, 122).
this invention relates to a system and method for monitoring the cold chain integrity of at least one packet of environmentally sensitive goods. the system comprises a monitoring unit applied directly to the goods packet, the monitoring unit comprising an environmental sensor monitoring an environmental condition to which the goods are subjected to and an optical output device for conveying environmental condition data. the system further comprises a camera operable to capture the environmental condition data conveyed by the optical output device, a memory for storing the environmental condition data captured by the camera and a processor for analysing the environmental condition data. the use of a camera allows for a very simple, robust and inexpensive optical output device (e.g. an led) to be used. the arrangement reduces the equipment cost significantly thereby allowing application across a wider range of products and provides greater flexibility and possibility for analysing the cold chain integrity.
it is the objective of the present invention to provide a method and an electrochemical cell which allow to achieve a purification of the ionomer load of the proton exchange membrane causing less corrosion and other collateral effects to the electrochemical cell.with respect to the method, this objective is achieved according to the present invention by a method to remove non-proton cationic impurities from the ionomer comprised in a proton exchange membrane and the respective anode side and cathode side catalyst layer of an electrochemical cell, comprising the steps of:a) providing a supply path for an anode feed to the ionomer on the anode side of the proton exchange membrane;b) providing a supply path for a cathode feed to the ionomer on the cathode side of the proton exchange membrane; andc) bringing a regenerating fluid with acidic ph in contact to the ionomer on the cathode side of the proton exchange membrane to accomplish an ion exchange of the non-proton cationic impurities with protons and thus remove the non-proton cationic impurities from the ionomer into the regenerating fluid.these measures allow to remove the non-proton cationic impurities from the ionomer of the electrochemical cell without increasing the risk of corrosion and without an interruption of the process of the electrochemical cell.
it is an object of the present invention to provide copper alloy particles or the like, wherein, by sufficiently melting an irradiation region with heat generated through the irradiation of a laser beam during manufacturing in particular, a layer-manufactured product can be obtained, which has low porosity (void fraction), and excellent corrosion resistance and fatigue characteristics.copper alloy particles 1 of the present invention are used as an additive manufacturing material by irradiation with a laser beam having a wavelength of 1.2 âµm or less, and have an average particle diameter of 50 âµm or less, wherein a light absorption rate of the material is 6% or more.
the present invention provides an automatic driving system, fault alarm method and device, the system includes a primary monitoring device (50, 70), an auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70), at least one device to be detected and a fault alarm device (60, 80); where the primary monitoring device (50, 70) and the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) are respectively connected to each device to be detected and the fault alarm device (60, 80); the primary monitoring device (50, 70) and the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) are connected, the primary monitoring device (50, 70) and the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) respectively perform a fault detection on the each device to be detected; and if it is detected that any device to be detected is abnormal, the primary monitoring device (50, 70) or the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) sends an alarm instruction to the fault alarm device (60, 80), so that the fault alarm device (60, 80) performs an alarm operation according to the alarm instruction. the above system monitors a key device on a vehicle in real time through the monitoring devices, and reminds through the fault alarm device (60, 80) when it is determined that there is an abnormality, thereby reducing an occurrence rate of a safety accident caused by a device fault in the system.
an image capturing apparatus includes an image capturing unit (21, 22, 116, 210) and a recording control unit (260). the image capturing unit is configured to capture images. the recording control unit is configured to compare a first image with a second image among the captured images, the second image being an image captured after the first image has been captured, and to control recording of the second image in accordance with an amount of change from the first image.
a fluid mixing system includes a container 44, such as a flexible bag, bounding a compartment. a flexible drive line 44 is disposed within the compartment, the drive line having a first end rotatably connected to a first end of the container and an opposing second end rotatably connected to a second end of the container. at least one mixing element 40, such as an impeller within the container.
there is provided a system for monitoring an engine. the system includes a processor. a memory including instructions that, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform certain operations. the operations may include receiving a first data set and a second data set. the first data set being sampled at a first rate and the second data set being sampled at a second rate, where the first and second rate are different. the operations further include determining, based on a number of occurrences in either the first data set or the second set, whether an event that has occurred in the engine has occurred a predetermined number of times. the operations further include recording the first data set as an output in response to the number of occurrences exceeding the predetermined number of times, and in the contrary recording the second data set as the output. the operations may include computing a ratio of a fast recording process to a slow recording process and adjusting an output file size according the ratio. another feature may be a look back subsystem that backfills an interval of pre-event fast recordings when an event is detected. the system can self-adjust thresholds to maintain file size constraints during unusually active or eventful flights.
methods and systems are disclosed for detecting physical interaction with an electronic device. gyroscopic data may be received from gyroscopic sensors incorporated within the electronic device. a set of frequency bands may be defined for each axis of the plurality of axes. a frequency in which each value of the gyroscopic data is included in the gyroscopic data may be determined. the values associated with each frequency of a frequency band may be aggregated to generate a magnitude for the frequency band. a probability may be determined using the modified magnitude associated with each frequency band. if the probability exceeds a threshold then an indication that the user is physically interacting with the electronic device may be transmitted to a remote device.
disclosed herein are system, method, and computer program product embodiments for synchronizing an offline briefcase. an embodiment operates by defining an offline briefcase for a user group that is accessible offline at an application. the embodiment detects a change to a component of the offline briefcase. the embodiment sends a push notification to the application based on the detected change to the component. the embodiment receives a synchronization request from the application in response to the sent push notification. the embodiment then sends the changed component to the application based on the synchronization request.
a warning on an amount of welding wire (118) remaining in a package (100) can be implemented with an indicator system integrated within the package (100). the indicator system provides a visual indication on the amount of wire (118) remaining. the visual indication is updated as the wire (118) is dispensed during a welding operation. the indicator system includes one or more sensing elements (120, 122) that engage the welding wire (118) at various locations. when the wire (118) is dispensed, the sensing elements (120, 122) eventually lose engagement and output a corresponding signal. the visual indication is updated based on the signals from the sensing elements (120, 122).
a programmable display device (1) includes: a display panel (16) configured to display one or more switches; a proximity sensor (17) that is provided near the display panel (16) and that is configured to (i) detect a position of a pointing element in a three-dimensional space and (ii) output three detected values in three directions indicative of the position thus detected; a detecting section (331) configured to (i) identify, based on one or two first detected values of the three detected values, one switch of the one or more switches that is indicated by the pointing element, the one or two first detected values being a value(s) in one or two of the three directions, the one or two of the three directions being referred to as at least one identification direction, and (ii) detect a pressing action with respect to the one switch based on a second detected value, the second detected value being a value in another one of the three directions other than the at least one identification direction, the another one of the three directions being referred to as a pressing action detecting direction; a calculating section (332) configured to calculate an amount of movement of the pointing element in the pressing action detecting direction based on a change in the second detected value corresponding to a change in position of the pointing element in the pressing action detecting direction; and a determining section (333) configured to (i) determine whether or not the pressing action with respect to the one switch by the pointing element is effective in accordance with whether or not the amount of movement is within a predetermined amount range.
a blood coagulation analyzing method according to one or more aspects may include: calculating a coagulation time based on data representing a coagulation curve of a change in an optical detection value of a blood specimen added with a reagent for starting a coagulation reaction; calculating an index value related to derivatives calculated concerning the coagulation curve represented by the data used in the calculating the coagulation time; and determining whether an early reaction error has occurred based on a comparison result obtained by comparing the index value to a predetermined threshold.
the invention relates to a process of treating a dyed fabric, in which fungi are used. the invention also relates to a package comprising a water impervious container and a fabric or a garment treated according to the process, and to a fabric or a garment as obtainable by the process of the invention.
present invention provides chemical mechanical planarization polishing (cmp) compositions for barrier layer and interlayer dielectric (ild) structure or patterned dielectric layer applications. the cmp compositions contain abrasive, chemical additive comprising polyprotic acid and its salt; corrosion inhibitor; and water soluble solvent; and optionally; second rate booster; a surfactant; ph adjusting agent; oxidizing agent; and chelator.
ultrasound diagnosis device comprising: control panel including a touch screen; at least one memory storing a plurality of layouts of user interfaces, each layout of the plurality of layouts including location information for displaying the user interfaces of the layout on the touch screen; and at least one processor configured to execute computer readable instructions to: receive user input selecting a type of diagnosis, display, on the touch screen, the user interfaces of a respective layout of the plurality of layouts corresponding to the type of diagnosis selected by the user input, in accordance with the location information included in the respective layout, and change a location of at least one user interface of the user interfaces displayed on the touch screen based on drag-and-drop input received by the touch screen, wherein the user interfaces displayed on the touch screen are operable to control functions of the ultrasound diagnosis device.
the remote control apparatus includes: an operating handle (52) used to input a movement type instruction to be executed by a surgical manipulator; a support mechanism (31, 231) configured to support the operating handle and be able to transform between a first posture suitable for an operator in a standing position to operate the remote control apparatus and a second posture suitable for an operator in a seated position to operate the remote control apparatus; a storage section (67) configured to store information on the support mechanism for the first posture and information on the support mechanism for the second posture; and a control section (66) configured to read the information on the support mechanism for the first posture from the storage section and control an actuator (45, 245) to change the vertical position of the operating handle to correspond to the first posture when the control section receives an instruction to transform the support mechanism to the first posture, and read the information on the support mechanism for the second posture from the storage section and control the actuator to change the vertical position of the operating handle to correspond to the second posture when the control section receives an instruction to transform the support mechanism to the second posture.
embodiments of the present methods measure a concentration of a substance, such as glucose, in a body. the described embodiments change the temperature of the surface of a body from a first temperature to a second temperature, then change the temperature of the surface of the body from the second temperature back to the first temperature, and measure a first amount of infrared ("ir") radiation absorbed or emitted from the surface of the body in a first wavelength band, and a second amount of ir radiation absorbed or emitted from the surface of the body in a second wavelength band at predetermined time intervals during the time period that the temperature of the surface of the body changes from the second temperature back to the first temperature. the described embodiments also measure a temperature at the surface of the body and an ambient temperature. a normalized ratio parameter is calculated from the four measurements, and the concentration of the substance in the body is determined by correlating the normalized ration parameter with the body surface temperature and the ambient temperature.
the present invention extends to a disinfection cap for disinfecting a male luer end of an infusion therapy device. the disinfection cap can include an internal reservoir containing an antimicrobial or saline solution which is sealed with a flexible septum to prevent the solution from evaporating. the septum can include one or more slits or pierceable seams that allow a male luer end of an infusion therapy device to be inserted through the septum and into the solution. while the male luer is inserted through the septum, the solution contacts both the inner and outer surfaces of the male luer. because the septum reduces evaporation of the solution and prevents the solution from leaking out of the cap, the solution remains in contact with the male luer for a longer duration then when typical disinfection caps are used thereby increasing the effectiveness of the disinfectant.
[problem] to provide a high-strength hot-dip zn-al-mg-based-plated steel sheet that has a significantly lowered in-steel concentration of hydrogen which has entered the steel in a plating line and that exhibits the inherent excellent corrosion resistance of a zn-al-mg-based plating layer.[solution] a high-strength surface-coated steel sheet including: a base steel sheet having a composition by mass of c: 0.01 to 0.20%, si: 0.01 to 0.50%, mn: 0.10 to 2.50%, p: 0.005 to 0.050%, b: 0.0005 to 0.010%, ti: 0.01 to 0.20%, nb: 0 to 0.10%, mo: 0 to 0.50%, cr: 0 to 0.50%, al: 0.01 to 0.10%, and the balance of fe and inevitable impurities; and a zn-al-mg-based coating layer disposed on a surface of the base steel sheet, the high-strength surface-coated steel sheet having a diffusible hydrogen concentration in the base steel sheet of 0.30 ppm or less and having a time until occurrence of red rust of 7000 hours or more as measured by a salt spray test.
the oral administration of bioavailable silicic acid, such as choline-stabilized silicic acid during a period of at least 3 months daily leads to the prevention, inhibition and or treatment of periodontitis and peri-implantatis. the treatment is particularly suitable in combination with appropriate cleaning of the teeth and disinfecting the mouth, by one or more antiseptic and/or antimicrobial agent(s), as carried out at least once and suitably regularly, such as once per year, twice per year, four times per year or even every second month or every month. the treatment may be further enhanced by simultaneous administration of vitamins, trace elements, as well as by administration of a probioticum. such additional agents may be applied separately, but are preferably incorporated in the formulation of bioavailable silicic acid.
this invention provides a threaded connection for oil country tubular goods that exhibits excellent corrosion resistance and galling resistance, and a method for producing the threaded connection for oil country tubular goods. in particular, the method for producing the threaded connection for oil country tubular goods is a method for producing a threaded connection for oil country tubular goods that includes a pin (3) and a box (4). the method includes a zn-ni alloy plating layer formation step of forming a zn-ni alloy plating layer (100), and a chromate coating formation step of forming a chromate coating (200) after the zn-ni alloy plating layer formation step. the chromate coating formation step includes a chromate treatment step and a drying step. the chromate coating formation step satisfy one or more conditions selected from the following conditions 1 to 3.condition 1: stirring speed of the chromating solution in the chromate treatment step: a linear speed of 0.5 m/s or more;condition 2: chromate treatment time in the chromate treatment step: less than 50 seconds; andcondition 3: drying temperature in the drying step: 60â°c or less.
a packaging material for a power storage device, comprising at least: a substrate layer; a metallic foil layer with an anti-corrosion treatment layer being disposed on one face or both faces thereof; and a sealant layer in this order, wherein the sealant layer includes a polypropylene-based resin (a) and 1 to 40% by mass of incompatible component (b), and maximum seal strength sm in an adhered portion resulting from adhesion by heat-sealing the packaging material is 35 n/15 mm or more, and in addition, the packaging material for a power storage device satisfies the following requirements (1) or (2): (1) a ratio ss/sm of seal strength ss to maximum seal strength sm in a stable range is 0.3 or more; (2) a ratio sa/sm of average seal strength sa to maximum seal strength sm is 0.3 or more.
this invention provides a threaded connection for pipes or tubes having excellent misalignment resistance and high torque on shoulder resistance, and also having excellent corrosion resistance properties, as well as a method for producing the threaded connection for pipes or tubes. the threaded connection for pipes or tubes includes a pin (13) and a box (14). the pin (13) and the box (14) include contact surfaces (130, 140) having threaded portions (15) and (20) and unthreaded metal contact portions. the threaded connection for pipes or tubes includes, on at least one of the contact surfaces (130, 140) of the pin (13) and the box (14), surface roughness, a zn-ni alloy plating layer (21), a cu-sn-zn alloy plating layer (22) and a solid lubricant coating layer (23). these are deposited from the contact surface (130, 140) side in the order of: surface roughness, the zn-ni alloy plating layer (21), the cu-sn-zn alloy plating layer (22) and the solid lubricant coating layer (23).
the present disclosure provides a data storage method, a storage server, and a storage medium and system, belonging to the field of data processing. the method is applied to a storage server in a cloud storage system. the method includes: monitoring data transmission status of a data acquisition device; obtaining data exception information according to the monitored data transmission exceptional status; transmitting a first data backhaul request to the data acquisition device, the data acquisition device being configured to return first data acquired within the exception time period upon receiving the first data backhaul request; and storing the first data upon receiving the first data. the present disclosure can punctually monitor an exception occurring in a process of transmitting data to the storage server by the data acquisition device, and store, in the storage server, the data acquired by the data acquisition device within an exception time period. in this way, the lost data is complemented by data backhaul, the integrity and reliability of the data are ensured, and excellent instantaneity is achieved.
the present invention relates to a steel sheet for a hot press formed member having excellent painting adhesion and post-painting corrosion resistance, and a method for manufacturing the same. a steel sheet for hot press forming according to one aspect of the present invention comprises a base steel sheet and a plated layer formed on a surface of the base steel sheet, wherein the ratio of an area occupied by pores to the entire area of a surface layer portion may be 10% or more in a cross section of the surface layer portion observed when the plated layer is cut in a thickness direction thereof.
a remote tractor control system (10) with a hand held remote control unit (12) having an enable button (16) that when actuated sends signals from a plurality of command buttons (18,...32) on the hand held remote control unit (12) to a three point hitch controller, a transmission controller and an engine controller on a tractor. when not actuated, a rear switch module (36) may be used to raise and lower the three point hitch or creep in forward or reverse, while the hand held remote control unit (12) may display information about tractor condition from the engine controller.
provided is power work equipment using a fuel container and/or a lubricating oil container that is/are easily replaced for the power work equipment, and supply(ies) liquid fuel and/or lubricating oil optimized for driving. a chainsaw (1a) (power work equipment) includes a main body (10) having an internal combustion engine (50), and a fuel container (90a) and/or a lubricating oil container (100a) detachably attached to the main body (10). a connection part (92) of the fuel container (90a) is connected with the fuel suction unit (60) in a liquid-tight manner, and a bag (91) is configured to collapse as liquid fuel (f) in the bag (91) decreases. a connection part (102) of the lubricating oil container (100a) is connected with a lubricating-oil suction unit (70) in a liquid-tight manner, and a bag (101) is configured to collapse as lubricating oil (l) in the bag (101) decreases.
a system for providing an automatic software upgrade assistant for remote elevator monitoring experts using machine learning. the system performs operations that include receiving a request from a requestor to install a software upgrade on a controller (224) of an elevator component, the software upgrade dependent on at least one software program being installed on the controller. it is determined whether the at least one software program is installed on the controller. based at least in part on determining that the at least one software program is installed on the controller: an elapsed time to complete the installation of the software upgrade on the controller is predicted; and an indication is output to the requestor that the software upgrade is permitted to be installed on the controller and the predicted elapsed time to complete the installation.
a method of adhering a first component (12) to a second component (14) includes priming the first component (12) with an adhesive bond primer (16) containing a primer material, a corrosion inhibitor, and a chemical additive (such as a dye compound), and using an adhesive to attach the second component to the first component through the adhesive bond primer applied on the surface of the second component. the chemical additive allows inspection of the adhesive bond primer (16) with a corresponding radiation source.
embodiments of the present methods measure a concentration of a substance, such as glucose, in a body. the described embodiments change the temperature of the surface of a body from a first temperature to a second temperature, then change the temperature of the surface of the body from the second temperature back to the first temperature, and measure a first amount of infrared ("ir") radiation absorbed or emitted from the surface of the body in a first wavelength band, and a second amount of ir radiation absorbed or emitted from the surface of the body in a second wavelength band at predetermined time intervals during the time period that the temperature of the surface of the body changes from the second temperature back to the first temperature. the described embodiments also measure a temperature at the surface of the body and an ambient temperature. a normalized ratio parameter is calculated from the four measurements, and the concentration of the substance in the body is determined by correlating the normalized ration parameter with the body surface temperature and the ambient temperature.
the invention relates to unmanned aircrafts for monitoring state of or conducting repair work on power transmission lines. the method of grasping a power transmission line conductor by an operating member of an execution unit of an apparatus for remote monitoring equipped with a flying-lifting facility for being carried to a worksite includes: using, on takeoff, a lifting force of the flying-lifting facility to open a magnetic head, and using, on landing on the conductor, a gravitational force of the flying-lifting facility to close the magnetic head, wherein the forces influence the opening-closing motion due to movements of the flying-lifting facility relative to the execution unit. the apparatus includes a flying-lifting facility, an execution unit comprising a means for moving along a wire, and an operating member, for example, a magnetic head of a magnetic flaw detector, a system of rods and levers, and a sleeve slidably seated on a guide of the execution unit such.
the present invention provides processes for generating electricity wherein a microbial fuel cell is used, which comprises bacteria of the species geobacter sulfurreducens (gsu) and clostridium pasteurianum (cpa) and two or more electrodes, wherein the electrodes comprise at least one anode and at least one cathode. the present invention further provides processes for storing electricity wherein a microbial battery is used, which comprises bacteria of the species geobacter sulfurreducens (gsu) and clostridium pasteurianum (cpa) and two or more electrodes, wherein the electrodes comprise at least one anode and at least one cathode.
the invention provides a polypeptide comprising a phosphate translocator and a microbial membrane-integrating protein. the phosphate translocator may be a plastidic phosphate translocator and the membrane-integrating protein may be derived from bacillus subtilis. the invention also provides a bacterium genetically modified to export phosphorylated compounds; such organism may contain the polypeptide of the invention and may be further modified to decrease the metabolism of phosphorylated compounds or increase the production of phosphorylated compounds. also provided is a method for the manufacture of phosphorylated compounds, comprising culturing a bacterium according to the invention and extracting the phosphorylated compounds from the culture medium. the method may be for the manufacture of dihydroxyacetone phosphate (dhap), and optionally, may include the further step of converting the dhap into methylglyoxal.
disclosed are a joint of a copper terminal (1) and an aluminium conductor (2) and an ultrasonic welding method thereof. one spacing metal layer (3) is added between the copper terminal and the aluminium conductor, and firstly, the spacing metal layer is fixed at a welding end of a base material by means of a manner such as electroplating, pressure welding, electric arc spray welding or electromagnetic welding, and the three parts are then welded together by means of an ultrasonic welding manner. the welding method is suitable for the welding of various joints, the electrochemical corrosion resulting from the potential difference between the copper and aluminium electrodes can be effectively reduced, and the mechanical properties of the joint can be improved.
a motor controller includes a package configured to interface with a power inverter for motor control; a wireless communication integrated circuit (ic) integrated within the package and configured to receive uplink wireless communication data and to process the uplink wireless communication data, and configured to transmit downlink wireless communication data; a motor controller ic integrated within the package and configured to perform a motor control function, including generating pulse width modulation (pwm) control signals for multi-phase motor control; and an intercommunication interface coupled to the wireless communication ic and the motor controller ic, the intercommunication interface including a plurality of intercommunication wires for information exchange of uplink information and downlink information between the wireless communication ic and the motor controller ic.
intestines processing system comprising a conveyor track with carriers, a tissue breaking section and a gallbladder removal station, wherein each carrier is equipped to carry an intestines package taken out of a poultry carcass, said intestines package at least comprising liver, gizzard and gallbladder, wherein the carrier is equipped to move the intestines package through the tissue breaking section for breaking at least some of the tissue connections in the intestines package below the gallbladder, and to move the intestines package through the gallbladder removal station for removing the gallbladder from the remainder of the intestines package, wherein the tissue breaking section comprises a conveyor roll for conveying the intestines package jointly with the carriers of the conveyor track, wherein the conveyor roll has an entrance section distant from the gallbladder removal station and an exit section proximate to the gallbladder removal station, wherein the conveyor roll is upward tilting with a first vertical distance from the entrance section to the conveyor track that is larger than a second vertical distance from the exit section to the conveyor track.
the present invention is directed to an aqueous formulation of s-ketamine hydrochloride, preferably for nasal administration, wherein the formulation does not contain an antimicrobial preservative.
systems, methods and devices for reducing noise in cardiac monitoring including wearable monitoring devices having at least one electrode for cardiac monitoring; in some implementations, the wearable device using a composite adhesive having at least one conductive portion applied adjacent the electrode; and, in some implementations, including circuitry adaptations for the at least one electrode to act as a proxy driven right leg electrode.
methods and systems are disclosed for detecting physical interaction with an electronic device. gyroscopic data may be received from gyroscopic sensors incorporated within the electronic device. a set of frequency bands may be defined for each axis of the plurality of axes. a frequency in which each value of the gyroscopic data is included in the gyroscopic data may be determined. the values associated with each frequency of a frequency band may be aggregated to generate a magnitude for the frequency band. a probability may be determined using the modified magnitude associated with each frequency band. if the probability exceeds a threshold then an indication that the user is physically interacting with the electronic device may be transmitted to a remote device.
a sealant discharging apparatus (1) includes a sealing gun (2), a movement controller (3), and a discharge controller (4). the sealing gun discharges sealant to an object. the movement controller causes the sealing gun and the object to move relatively. the discharge controller controls a discharge amount of the sealant discharged from the sealing gun. the movement controller controls a movement velocity of the sealing gun based on a volume of post-sealing sealant that has been discharged from the sealing gun and used to seal the object, and an amount of volume change in a sealant pool that has been discharged from the sealing gun and is yet to be used to seal the object.
an adaptable vehicle monitoring system is disclosed. the system includes a core platform having a state monitoring subsystem and a feedback subsystem. the core platform interconnects a perception subsystem, a knowledge acquisition subsystem, and a user interface. the perception subsystem is configured to acquire current vehicle state data from instruments of a vehicle. the knowledge acquisition subsystem includes a context awareness subsystem configured to determine a current vehicle context. the state monitoring subsystem is configured to derive a current vehicle state based at least in part on the vehicle state data and vehicle context. the knowledge acquisition subsystem further includes a database subsystem configured to store the current vehicle state data, current vehicle context, and current vehicle state. the trend monitoring subsystem is configured to analyze the one or more stored vehicle state data, stored vehicle contexts, and stored vehicle states to identify one or more trends. the feedback subsystem is configured to prepare operator and deliver operator feedback via the user interface based at least in part on a comparison between the current vehicle state and/or current trend and an expected vehicle state and/or previously identified trends.
a manufacturing monitoring system is disclosed. the manufacturing monitoring system comprises a manufacturing workspace. technicians wearing force sensor and/or motion capture marker equipped gloves may work within the manufacturing workspace. motion capture cameras may ring the manufacturing workspace. motion data from the cameras and/or force data from the gloves may be sent to a remote workstation where they may be processed and analyzed. the workstation may produce quality assessment and/or training outputs based on the motion and/or force data.
provided is a yarn feeding device capable of easily performing a necessary operation for a process to change or to mix specification among entraining-type and self-running-type running members such as yarn feeders.two movement belts 4a, 4b are arranged between adjacent yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b while being divided into upper and lower stages. the upper and lower movement belts 4a, 4b respectively move yarn feeders 3a, 3b that are respectively mounted on trucks 2af, 2bb of the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b. movement driving part driving the movement belts 4a, 4b are mounted on end portions of the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b, so that no configuration supporting the movement belts 4a, 4b and the movement driving part is required for the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b. the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b could be shared by the entraining-type and self-running-type running members. the process for the specification change from the entrainment-running type to the self-running type, the mixing of the entrainment-running type and the self-running type, or the like could therefore be performed without detaching the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b, thereby reducing the labor.
the invention provides shiga toxin a subunit derived polypeptides and cell-targeting molecules comprising amino acid substitutions which equip the polypeptides with 1) de-immunization; 2) reduced, protease-cleavage sensitivity; and/or 3) a heterologous epitope cargo(s) while retaining shiga toxin function(s), such as, e.g., potent cytotoxicity. certain polypeptides of the invention exhibit reduced immunogenic potential in mammals and/or are capable of delivering an epitope to an mhc class molecule of a cell in which the polypeptide is present. certain molecules comprising a polypeptide of the invention are well-tolerated by mammals while retaining one or more of the features mentioned above. the shiga toxin polypeptides of the invention have uses as components of cell-targeting molecules for selectively killing specific cells; for selectively delivering cargos to specific cells, and as therapeutic and/or diagnostic molecules for treating and diagnosing a variety of conditions, including cancers, immune disorders, and microbial infections.
an article includes a substrate; a first corrosion protection layer disposed on the substrate; and a second corrosion protection layer disposed on the first corrosion protection layer. the first corrosion protection layer includes a sol-gel composition and the second corrosion protection layer includes a polyurethane composition. at least one of the first or second corrosion protection layers include a corrosion inhibitor.
the invention relates to a device capable of having antimicrobial, in particular bacteriostatic or bactericidal, activity comprising a device body having a surface, wherein the device body is configured to anchor thermal nanoparticles supporting optical resonance, in particular localized surface plasmon resonance, at its surface, wherein the device body comprises- thermal nanoparticles supporting optical resonance in particular localized surface plasmon resonance, bonded to the surface of the device body, wherein the thermal nanoparticles are capable of increasing their temperature by light irradiation in a wavelength range that matches with the wavelength of the optical resonance, in particular localized surface plasmon resonance, of the thermal nanoparticles, and- an antimicrobial substance, wherein the antimicrobial substance is capable of being released from the device body.further, the invention relates to a method for manufacturing the device.
a driving assist device includes: a driving operation element (11a, 12a, sw); an information acquisition unit (15, 17) configured to acquire traveling state relevant information indicating a traveling state; a driving assist control unit (10, 20, 30, 40) configured to control the own vehicle such that the own vehicle travels in a state where a target traveling condition is met; a determination unit configured to determine whether the traveling state changed by the operation of the driving operation element is a specific state; a request generation device (60, 61) configured to generate a condition change request when a predetermined operation or input is performed while the own vehicle is in the driving assist control; and a condition change unit configured to change the target traveling condition based on the traveling state relevant information when the condition change request is generated in a case where it is determined that the changed traveling state is the specific state.
the present invention relates to a cardio-pulmonary health monitoring apparatus (7000) comprising: at least one sensor (7010) adapted to generate data related to the cardio-pulmonary health of a patient; a display (7015); and a controller (7001), coupled to the at least one sensor, the controller being configured to analyse the sensor data (7210) during one or more monitoring sessions; trigger generation on the display of at least one query based on the analysis, the query being configured to prompt the patient for a response; and trigger generation of a clinical alert (7230) based on a patient response to the query that is input to the controller.
the present invention discloses a method for remotely controlling working of a communications terminal, the method is applied in a communications terminal having a connection established with a remote server, and the method for remotely controlling working of a communications terminal includes the following steps: receiving, in a push service manner, a management and control instruction actively provided by the server; parsing, according to a predetermined data exchange format, the received management and control instruction, so as to obtain corresponding operation information and acquire a device identifier, where the operation information includes command information and additional information; generating a corresponding working instruction according to the command information and the additional information that are obtained through parsing; and executing, according to the working instruction, work for protecting data security. the present invention further provides a server for remotely controlling working of a communications terminal, and a communications terminal. by means of this manner, the present invention is capable of flexibly and conveniently controlling working of a lost communications terminal through the server for remotely controlling working of a communications terminal, thereby ensuring security of personal data in the communications terminal.
a method includes receiving, at a network service exchange system, a request from a device. the request indicates one or more service parameters. the method includes, in response to receiving the request, validating the device and the one or more service parameters. a reverse auction is performed to select a service provider from among a plurality of candidate service providers. the service provider is selected based on the one or more service parameters. the method further includes, after selecting the service provider, performing an over-the-air provisioning process to enable the device to communicate using a network associated with the service provider.
various implementations disclosed herein include devices, systems, and methods that enable a device to provide a view of virtual elements and a physical environment where the presentation of the virtual elements is based on positioning relative to the physical environment. in one example, a device is configured to detect a change in positioning of a virtual element, for example, when a virtual element is added, moved, or the physical environment around the virtual element is changed. the location of the virtual element in the physical environment is used to detect an attribute of the physical environment upon which the presentation of the virtual element depends. thus, the device is further configured to detect an attribute (e.g., surface, table, mid-air, etc.) of the physical environment based on the placement of the virtual element and present the virtual element based on the detected attribute.
an apparatus for remote at-home care of a patient is disclosed. the apparatus monitors a patient with a deployable sensor system and communicates the data sensed by the sensor system to a patient care hub located within a patient's home. a patient interface and a caregiver controller are in wireless communication with each other and the patient care hub. the patient care hub generates an alert(s) in view of the sensed data and wirelessly communicates the alert(s) to the patient interface and/or the caregiver controller.
a heat exchange unit includes a heat exchanger including a plurality of heat transfer tubes and a plurality of refrigerant distributors. each of the plurality of refrigerant distributors includes an inlet pipe through which refrigerant flows into the refrigerant distributor and a plurality of distribution pipes through which the refrigerant flows out of the refrigerant distributor. each of the plurality of distribution pipes is connected to a corresponding one of the plurality of heat transfer tubes. the inlet pipe of the refrigerant distributor having a relatively low average value of levels of the plurality of distribution pipes connected to the plurality of heat transfer tubes has a smaller inside diameter than the inlet pipe of the refrigerant distributor having a relatively high average value of levels of the plurality of distribution pipes connected to the plurality of heat transfer tubes. in each of the plurality of refrigerant distributors, the distribution pipe that is included in the plurality of distribution pipes and that is connected at a relatively low level to the heat transfer tube has a smaller inside diameter than the distribution pipe that is included in the plurality of distribution pipes and that is connected at a relatively high level to the heat transfer tube.
a crop residue spread monitoring system for an agricultural harvester, the agricultural harvester comprising a self-propelled agricultural harvesting vehicle with a threshing rotor supported in a grating, a chopper disposed to chop crop residue exiting the threshing rotor, and a spreading mechanism disposed to receive chopped material from the chopper and spread the chopped residue over the ground, wherein the crop residue spread monitoring system comprises at least one camera disposed below an exit of the spreading mechanism to image a plume of residue leaving the spreading mechanism from an underside of the plume of residue.
this disclosure relates generally to authenticating humans based on behavioral pattern. the method and system proposed provides a continuous/seamless monitoring platform for authenticating humans by continuously monitoring routine activities of subjects (activities of daily living (adl)) in a smart environment using plurality of passive, unobtrusive, binary, unobtrusive non-intrusive sensors embedded in living infrastructure. the proposed method and system for authenticating humans based on behavioral pattern is provided. the daily routine activities of humans/subjects, housed in a smart environment is continuous monitored by plurality of non-intrusive sensors embedded in living infrastructure. further the collected sensor data is processed in several stages, which includes pre-processing of sensor data, behavioral pattern prediction, error detection based on predicted behavioral pattern and so on for authenticating humans based on behavioral pattern.
a method for determining an advertised window delay in a communication network comprises:monitoring, via a network monitoring device, an exchange of data between at least a first network device and a second network device;determining, via the network monitoring device, that the first network device ceased transmission of data caused by an amount of non-acknowledged data by the second network device;marking, via the network monitoring device, an advertised window delay start time when the first network device ceases transmission of data;determining, via the network monitoring device, that the first network device continues transmission of data once the non-acknowledged data is acknowledged by the second network device;marking, via the network monitoring device, an advertised window delay end time when the first network device continues transmission of data; anddetermining a difference between the advertised window delay start time and the advertised window delay end time to yield a total advertised window delay.
the invention provides a method for determining the amount of various materials in a liquid sample positioned in an apparatus (100). because the apparatus is particularly resilient it can be used repeatedly with very harsh liquid samples such as boot water from an oil refinery. the apparatus is used in a method of reducing corrosion involving determining at least one of: the ph, amount of chloride, and/or amount of iron in the sample. the optical property can be colorimetric, fluorescent or both and result from adding dyes, complexing agents, turbidity inducing compounds, and other optically effecting reagents to the sample. because the measurements are concentration and volume independent they can be done continuously, quickly, and avoid the inconvenient start and stop procedures in prior art measurement regimens. the method further includes using a bdd cell to oxidize materials (such as sulfoxy compounds) that would otherwise interfere with the optical analysis and/or to sparge the sample with gas.
the invention is concerned with a method (19) for providing a new software-based functionality (f) in at least one vehicle (12). the method (19) comprises the following steps: a digital model generation engine (23) generates a functionality model (24) of the functionality (f) on the basis of requirement data (20) that describe at least one requirement (21) that is to be fulfilled by the new functionality (f); a digital model transformation engine (25) transforms the functionality model (24) into a software code (18); a digital testing engine (26) generates at least one virtual testing scenario (27) on the basis of the functionality model (24) and verifies correct fulfillment of the at least one requirement (21) by the software code (18); and an update system (28) and/or function-on-demand system installs the software code (18) in the at least one vehicle (12) using a remote update connection (14).
provided is a magnesium-containing metal material that includes coatings having excellent corrosion resistance on a surface. specifically, provided is a magnesium-containing metal material with coating, which is characterized by including: a magnesium hydroxide-containing first coating on a surface of a magnesium-containing metal material composed of magnesium or a magnesium alloy; a hydroxyapatite and/or hydroxyapatite carbonate-containing third coating over the first coating; and a dibasic calcium phosphate-containing second coating between the first coating and the third coating.
the present disclosure relates to a method, an apparatus and a computer program for noninvasively determining a cause of a blood pressure change. the method includes at least: obtaining maximum amplitudes of heart sounds; monitoring changes in the maximum amplitudes; estimating change amounts of indexes on a myocardial contractile force and on vascular resistance, based on increasing or decreasing of a blood pressure of the patient, and the changes in the maximum amplitudes; and determining the cause of the blood pressure change of the patient as an effect of at least one of alpha action, alpha blockage, beta action and beta blockage, based on results of the estimation of the first change amount of the first index, the second change amount of the second index and the third change amount of the third index.
the heart rate monitoring systems currently available are prone to mistaking heart rate variation (caused due to the user involving in the physical activity) as an abnormal variation, even though such variations are 'normal', and may even trigger a false alarm. even the monitoring systems which consider mobility states of the user so as to filter out such variations caused due to user activities may fail to consider change in mobility states at the time of measuring the heart rate data, which may have direct impact on the heart rate variations. a system and a method for heart rate estimation are provided wherein data pertaining to transition between different mobility states is considered by the system to filter out variations due to the transition between mobility states of the user. different types of such transitions are identified, and appropriate methods are executed to filter the estimated heart rate data.
the present invention provides a surface laser remelting treatment method for aluminum alloy which comprises: cleaning the surface to be treated of the aluminum alloy; spraying isolating light absorbing agent on the surface to be treated which has been cleaned; and using a laser to scan the surface to be treated which has been sprayed with the isolating light absorbing agent to perform remelting. the surface laser remelting treatment method for aluminum alloy of the present invention can remove burrs, change the rounded corners to make the rounded corners more rounded, achieve a complete paint film coverage, and can solve the problem that the conventional treatment of aluminum alloy surface is easy to produce corrosion defects such as filiform corrosion and foaming in the treated edge
a method can include vapor depositing a corrosion resistant coating (113) to internal and external surfaces (103, 105) of a metallic air data probe (100). for example, vapor depositing can include using atomic layer deposition (ald). the method can include placing the metallic air data probe in a vacuum chamber and evacuating the vacuum chamber before using vapor deposition. the corrosion resistant coating can be or include a ceramic coating. in certain embodiments, vapor depositing can include applying a first precursor (107), then applying a second precursor (109) to the first precursor to form the ceramic coating.
a magnetic adhesive force monitoring system (130), magnetic wheeled robot (100) and related method are disclosed. the system includes a magnetic field sensor (150) measuring a stray field portion (144) of a total magnetic field (140) emitted by a magnetic wheel (110) that is magnetically adhered to a ferromagnetic structure (102), the stray field portion (144) including a portion of the total magnetic field (140) redirected by the ferromagnetic structure (102). a controller determines a change in a magnetic adhesion force of the magnetic wheel (110) to the ferromagnetic structure (102) based on a change in the measured stray field portion (144) of the total magnetic field (140). embodiments also provide for determination of a contact point (182) of the wheel (110) with a ferromagnetic structure (102).
a display rack comprises shelves and a base. each shelf comprises a sensor mat comprising a lattice of load sensors. the base is configured for measuring a total weight, which includes weights of any objects positioned on the shelves. the system is configured for determining object addition or removal event data based on in time corresponding changes of: total weight measured at the base; and binary load status of multiple load sensors of a sensor mat of the display rack. a binary load status of a load sensor indicates whether the load sensor at least in part supports an object or not. the event data comprises: an object weight based on said change of total weight measured at the base; and an object support shape and an object location both based on said change of binary load status of multiple load sensors of said sensor mat of the display rack.
a medicine dispensing system comprising: a non-refillable container adapted to contain therein one or more medical items and further adapted for wireless communication to remotely enable automatic dispensing at least a portion of the one or more medical items to a subject in response to receipt of a signal. a remote device is adapted to provide diagnosis of or therapy to the subject based on an observed or a reported biometric data of the subject following a healthcare encounter between the subject and a diagnosis device. the remote device comprises a processor for executing a digital media-containing software. the software is adapted to, using at least the biometric data to calculate a statistical probability that an immediate or future adverse change in a health condition of the subject will require a current or a future medical treatment for the subject involving the at least a portion of the one or more medical items immediately or during a future time period, and transmitting the signal to the non-refillable container to enable it to dispense.
a two-way distribution, charging, and vending system permits a subscriber to exchange one or more partially or completely discharged portable electric energy storage devices for a comparable number of charged portable electric energy storage devices. the two-way distribution, charging, and vending system includes a number of charging modules, each with a dedicated power converter, communicably coupled to at least one two-way distribution system controller and to a power distribution grid. upon receipt of a discharged portable electric energy storage device, the at least one two-way distribution system controller validates a manufacturer identifier and a subscriber identifier stored in a nontransitory storage media carried by the discharged portable electric energy storage device. responsive to a successful authentication and validation, the at least one two-way distribution system controller dispenses a charged portable electric energy storage device to the subscriber.
systems, methods, and computer code products for monitoring the behavior, health, and/or characteristics of an animal are disclosed herein. in one implementation, the animal is positioned inside a waste container placed on a system that is adapted to determine, record and communicate over a network various animal health parameters. these parameters can be processed to determine trends, statistics and changes of animal physiological functions. the results can be used to access animal health conditions and issue warnings, alarms, messages, and other notifications to designated caretakers. these notifications may be displayed using various means such as computers and/or mobile devices. data retrieval and review capability can provide improved understanding of an animals health conditions and facilitate early illness detection.
the present subject-matter provides a microbial consortium for improving the synthetic dye degradation efficiency of effluent treatment plants in wastewater, in particular wastewater generated from textile industries, printing industries or other dye wastewater industries and a method thereof.the consortium comprises either a sole microorganism or a synergistic combination of selective microorganisms to develop a consortium enabling for effective degradation of synthetic dyes present in wastewater and converting thereof into harmless and environment friendly substances. the invention also provides for the said microorganisms and their isolations.
provided is a rubber article-reinforcing steel cord in which the corrosion resistance is improved without an increase in weight. in a rubber article-reinforcing steel cord (1), plural sheath strands 3 each formed by twisting together plural steel filaments are twisted together around at least one core strand 2 formed by twisting together plural steel filaments. the core strand (2) and the sheath strands (3) are each formed by twisting together one or two core filaments (2c) and (3c) and plural sheath filaments (2s) and (3s), respectively, and a relationship represented by the following formula (1) is satisfied when a wire diameter of the core filament(s) (2c) of the core strand (2), a wire diameter of the sheath filaments (2s), a wire diameter of the core filaments 3c of the sheath strands (3), and a wire diameter of the sheath filaments (3s) are defined as dcc, dcs, dsc and dss, respectively: dcc > dcs â‰¥ dsc > dss (1).
to provide a spreader device configured to change as necessary a rotating speed of a rotor configured to spray the spread substance. a spreader device (2) includes a container (7) to contain spread substance, a first spreader portion (81) having a first rotor (810) to spray the spread substance contained in the container, a second spreader portion (82) having a second rotor (820) to spray the spread substance contained in the container, a first driver source (11) to drive the first rotor, a first shaft (16) to transmit a driving force outputted from the first driver source, a second shaft (17) to transmit a driving force outputted from a second driver source (12) different from the first driver source, and a selection transmission portion (18) to selectively transmit the driving force form the first shaft and the driving force from the second shaft to the first rotor or the second rotor.
provided are: a rubber article-reinforcing steel cord having excellent corrosion resistance; and a method of producing the same with excellent productivity. in a rubber article-reinforcing steel cord (1), plural sheath strands (3) each formed by twisting together plural steel filaments are twisted together around at least one core strand (2) formed by twisting together plural steel filaments. brass plating is performed on the steel filaments, and zinc plating is further performed on at least the outer circumference of the brass plating of outermost-layer steel filaments of the sheath strands (3).
provided is a method for producing a polyarylene sulfide resin, the method including subjecting a dihaloaromatic compound and a sulfidizing agent to a polymerization reaction in the presence of an aliphatic cyclic compound having a ring openable by hydrolysis, in which corrosion of a production apparatus is suppressed to decrease the content of metal atoms derived from the production apparatus in the obtained polyarylene sulfide resin. more particularly, provided is a method for producing a polyarylene sulfide resin, the method including a dehydration step (1) in which a water-containing sulfidizing agent and an aliphatic cyclic compound having a ring openable by hydrolysis are heated in the presence of a dihaloaromatic compound to a liquid temperature in the range of 90â°c or higher and 170â°c or lower under the atmospheric pressure, and then dehydration is performed while maintaining the liquid temperature and reducing the pressure to a pressure in the range of 30 [kpa abs] or higher and 80 [kpa abs] or lower to thus obtain a mixture.
as a rust prevention member that has excellent corrosion resistance, while being provided with a coating film that contains si, the present invention provides a rust prevention member which is provided with a base material, a zinc-based plating layer that is provided on the base material, and a chemical conversion coating film that contains si and is provided on the zinc-based plating layer. this rust prevention member is characterized in that the chemical conversion coating film has an si-rich region on the surface side, said si-rich region having an atomic ratio of the si content to the zn content of 1 or more, while having a thickness of 100 nm or more.
disclosed herein is a method of manufacturing a cylindrical battery case that is capable of performing an ironing process, which is one of the processes of manufacturing the battery case, a plurality of times in order to decrease the surface roughness of the battery case, thereby improving the corrosion characteristics of the battery case. the surface roughness of the cylindrical battery case is decreased by performing a thickness reducing process when a process for forming the outer circumferential surface of a body of the cylindrical battery case is performed at the time of manufacturing the cylindrical battery case. in addition, corrosion characteristics according to the surface roughness are improved.
the invention relates to a process for treating a substrate made of glass or of a glassy substrate based on sio2, in which a solution comprising at least one metal cation is applied to the substrate and pyrolytically reacted. the resulting process product is characterized by one or more advantages such as greater surface hardness, scratch resistance, chemical resistance, and resistance to glass corrosion compared to the starting substrate.
this specification discloses methods and devices for nfc/rfid (near field communication/radio frequency identification) reader systems to detect an external target device (e.g., tag or card device) within communication distance. in some embodiments, this is achieved by: (i) directing a tx (transmitter) unit to generate a tx signal, (ii) sweeping through a first tx output (e.g., tx voltage) in an increasing manner, and then (iii) monitoring a second tx output (e.g., tx current). during monitoring, a step change in the second tx output (e.g., tx current) would indicate detection of an external target device.
heat transfer devices and methods for enclosing a heat source and facilitating convective heat transfer from the heat source. a heat transfer device includes an outer wall having an outer surface exposed to an environment of the heat transfer device and defining an outer shape of the heat transfer device, and an inner wall defining a flow passage through the heat transfer device. the outer wall and the inner wall collectively define an internal volume that is configured to house the heat source. the flow passage comprises an inlet configured to receive a fluid from the environment, and an outlet configured to exhaust the fluid from the flow passage that comprises a core region extending between the inlet and the outlet and configured to deliver the fluid from the inlet to the outlet and allow heat to exchange between the fluid within the core region and the internal volume.
an on-body sensor (obs) (5610) having a continuous monitoring (cgm) device is disclosed for use in identifying an analyte, such as glucose in blood or interstitial fluid (isf), using a biomaterial, such as glucose binding protein (gbp), that is brought into contact with the analyte. the on-body sensor (5610) incorporating the cgm device includes a housing (5625') which provides protection to the cgm device while providing comfort to a user wearing the device. the obs also includes an adhesive structure that provides a comfortable, discreet and secure user experience.
program products, methods, and systems for providing fitness monitoring services are disclosed. in an embodiment, a method for providing heart rate information to a user of a portable fitness monitoring service includes: (a) defining a plurality of heart rate zones as ranges of percentages of a maximum heart rate; (b) associating a color with each of said heart rate zones; (c) receiving heart rate information from the user; and (d) providing a graphical display of the heart rate information, wherein a color of a portion of the graphical display corresponds with the color associated with one of said heart rate zones, wherein steps (a)-(d) are executed using at least one processor.
a sealant discharging apparatus (1) includes a sealing gun (2), a movement controller (3), and a discharge controller (4). the sealing gun discharges sealant to an object. the movement controller causes the sealing gun and the object to move relatively. the discharge controller controls a discharge amount of the sealant discharged from the sealing gun. the movement controller controls a movement velocity of the sealing gun based on a volume of post-sealing sealant that has been discharged from the sealing gun and used to seal the object, and an amount of volume change in a sealant pool that has been discharged from the sealing gun and is yet to be used to seal the object.
a crop residue spread monitoring system for an agricultural harvester, the agricultural harvester comprising a self-propelled agricultural harvesting vehicle with a threshing rotor supported in a grating, a chopper disposed to chop crop residue exiting the threshing rotor, and a spreading mechanism disposed to receive chopped material from the chopper and spread the chopped residue over the ground, wherein the crop residue spread monitoring system comprises at least one camera disposed below an exit of the spreading mechanism to image a plume of residue leaving the spreading mechanism from an underside of the plume of residue.
this disclosure relates generally to authenticating humans based on behavioral pattern. the method and system proposed provides a continuous/seamless monitoring platform for authenticating humans by continuously monitoring routine activities of subjects (activities of daily living (adl)) in a smart environment using plurality of passive, unobtrusive, binary, unobtrusive non-intrusive sensors embedded in living infrastructure. the proposed method and system for authenticating humans based on behavioral pattern is provided. the daily routine activities of humans/subjects, housed in a smart environment is continuous monitored by plurality of non-intrusive sensors embedded in living infrastructure. further the collected sensor data is processed in several stages, which includes pre-processing of sensor data, behavioral pattern prediction, error detection based on predicted behavioral pattern and so on for authenticating humans based on behavioral pattern.
a display rack comprises shelves and a base. each shelf comprises a sensor mat comprising a lattice of load sensors. the base is configured for measuring a total weight, which includes weights of any objects positioned on the shelves. the system is configured for determining object addition or removal event data based on in time corresponding changes of: total weight measured at the base; and binary load status of multiple load sensors of a sensor mat of the display rack. a binary load status of a load sensor indicates whether the load sensor at least in part supports an object or not. the event data comprises: an object weight based on said change of total weight measured at the base; and an object support shape and an object location both based on said change of binary load status of multiple load sensors of said sensor mat of the display rack.
the present invention relates to the field of post-harvest treatment of crop, more particularly, the invention relates to compositions and methods for extending shelf life of harvested crop. the invention concerns use of cysteine and optionally, algae, antioxidants, antimicrobial agents and preservatives as the active ingredients capable of extending the shelf life of agriculture produce.
an assembly for a fire extinguisher system includes a fire extinguisher fitting that extends into a fire extinguisher container and a fill adapter. the fitting defines a fitting bore through which a connection portion of a pressure monitoring device at least partially extends and a fitting flange that is disposed about the fitting and is disposed parallel to a flange of the pressure monitoring device. the fill adapter includes an adapter housing and an adapter shaft. the adapter housing is arranged to be disposed about the pressure monitoring device. the adapter shaft that at least partially extends through the adapter housing. the adapter shaft is arranged to engage a monitoring housing of the pressure monitoring device.
a method for counting goods inventory and a system thereof, applied to an automatic vending container, the automatic vending container is provided with n cabinets (10), the method includes: arranging an independent rfid reader (20, 430) in each cabinet (10); at a first start time instant, starting one rfid reader (20, 430) to scan an rfid tag (100); at a second start time instant, starting another rfid reader (20, 430) to scan an rfid tag (200); repeating the operations until an nth start time instant, and starting a last rfid reader (20, 430) to scan an rfid tag (300); wherein the first start time instant to the nth start time instant are all a time instant within an inventory counting time period, and a random time interval is defined between adjacent start time instants. inventory counting of all the goods is completed by arranging an independent rfid reader (20, 430) in each cabinet (10) based on rfid technology. with the method for counting goods inventory, the rfid reader does not need to be manually moved, and fully automatic operation is practiced. inventory counting is performed and data is uploaded in a remote control manner.
financial transactions typically use an exchange of messages between parties associated with a payment interchange network. fraudulent transactions are a major problem with payment interchange networks - in some cases, liability may not be clear-cut, leading to disputes among the parties about who should compensate the others. in addition, some frauds are only detected after approval or authorization, making it more complicated to resolve any dispute.an improved method is provided to detect anomalies in financial transactions which may be used to assess a risk of fraud. the method comprises providing a computer-implemented approval log 300 which stores a primary account number 310 and one or more transaction attributes 320 from a plurality of approved financial transactions associated with the primary account number 310. a computer-implemented approval anomaly detector 400 is also provided to assess the plurality of approval events. these anomalies are then made available to one or more parties associated with the payment interchange network 200.by monitoring and analyzing approved (and/or conditionally approved) financial transactions, more cases of fraud may be detected than with these traditional techniques.
the present invention relates to a solid composition comprising an iodine agent and sodium chloride having improved water solubility and to an antiviral and antimicrobial composition for an eye, oral cavity, nasal cavity or inhalation containing an aqueous solution thereof, wherein the solid composition comprises an iodine agent and sodium chloride or a mixture of an iodine agent, sodium chloride and a flavoring agent and is excellent in not only storage stability but also water solubility as a dissolution rate thereof for water is 30 seconds or less. in addition, the aqueous solution in which the solid composition is dissolved in water has an excellent effect of shielding from the unpleasant or irritating odor and taste of an iodine agent while also not causing pain or irritation, has an outstanding effect of preventing or treating infectious respiratory diseases such as a cold or influenza, and is applicable to all parts of a respiratory organ, such that the solution can be usefully used for the prevention or treatment of respiratory infectious diseases.
in a tank (1) including a body (10) and an end plate (20) that are joined together by welding, an end portion (21) of the end plate (20) has a concave portion (31), and a protrusion (32) protruding outward beyond the body (10). an abutting step of making the end portion (21) of the end plate (20) and an end portion (11) of the body (10) abut against each other, and a joining step of welding portions of the end plate (20) and the body (10) abutting against each other together are sequentially performed to manufacture the tank (1). this reduces corrosion and stress concentration caused by clearance in the tank (1), and allows the end plate (20) and the body (10) to be welded together in their correct relative positions.
the invention provides an antimicrobial article, a cell culture article, an antithrombotic article, or a biopharmaceutical article that can reduce adhesion of proteins, blood components, cells, or bacteria. the antimicrobial article, the cell culture article, the antithrombotic article, or the biopharmaceutical article contains a copolymer that contains a polymerized unit (a) represented by -ch2-choh- and a polymerized unit (b) represented by -ch2-cx2-, wherein xs are the same as or different from each other, and are each an alkyl group having a carbon number of 1 or greater, having a linear, branched, or cyclic structure, and optionally containing an oxygen atom between carbon atoms, an alkoxy group having a carbon number of 1 or greater, having a linear, branched, or cyclic structure, and optionally containing a hetero atom between carbon atoms, a siloxy group having a carbon number of 3 or greater, an ester group containing an aromatic ring or an alkyl group having a carbon number of 1 or greater and having a linear, branched, or cyclic structure, or h, excluding those in which both xs are h.
multifluid dispensing system comprising a receptacle of container in container type and an atomizer. within the receptacle, between at least two of the component-units is provided a connecting-system that includes at least some of: at least one residual interface; at least one permanent-joint of adhesive or weld type; at least one reinforcing functional-form. the connecting-system preferably extends on the entire height of the receptacle. the parts of the connecting-system are preferably, at least partially, superimposed and contained within an operational-section. additionally, within the receptacle is provided a partitioning-system that consists of at least one mobile-sector which develops via delamination from an internal component-unit. within the receptacle is equally provided a compression-system that consists of at least one mobile-sector which also develops via delamination from an internal component-unit. the atomizer is made entirely of plastic, is of multifluid type, and comprises a return-spring having two curved arms, and a precompression valve-system.
a backlight unit and a holographic display apparatus including the same are provided. the backlight unit includes a light guide plate and a uniformity changing element. the uniformity changing element has a light-incident surface and a light-exiting surface facing the light-incident surface, and the uniformity changing element receives the light output from the light guide plate through the light-incident surface, changes uniformity of the received light from the light guide plate and outputs the received light with the change in the uniformity of the received light through the light-exiting surface.
in one aspect, a coating (10) for protecting a component exposed to a corrosive environment includes an epoxy phenolic resin (16), a non-chromated corrosion inhibitor pigment additive (14) and a dispersing agent. in another aspect, a method (20) of protecting an article exposed to a corrosive environment includes applying a corrosion-resistant epoxy phenolic coating to a surface of the article exposed to a corrosive environment and curing the corrosion-resistant epoxy phenolic coating. the epoxy phenolic coating contains up to 15 percent by volume of a non-chromated corrosion inhibitor pigment additive having a particle size less than 10 micrometers.
an image processing apparatus (403, 501) comprises: obtaining means (601) configured to obtain a plurality of image signals being composed of image signals shot under different shooting conditions; determination means (604) configured to determine a composition rate in order to composite an image signal that has the predetermined shooting condition with a noise-reduced image that has the predetermined shooting condition, in accordance with an inter-frame change amount and a parameter indicating the predetermined shooting condition; noise reduction means (605) configured to composite the image signal with the noise-reduced image using the composition rate to generate a new noise-reduced image; and composition means (605) configured to composite the new noise-reduced image and an image signal that has another shooting condition.
an air treatment media dispenser assembly (50) that passively delivers an air treatment media to an environment. the dispenser assembly includes a carriage (52) that is constructed to removably cooperate with a replaceable container (54). the container slidably cooperates with the carriage in a manner wherein the container is secured to the carriage without perforation of the container and, when axially translated relative to one another, perforates a seal (108) of the container to allow egress of the contents of the container to the carriage and subsequent passive communication of the media to an environment.
an edge device that automatically establishes a connection with a remote monitoring device when an abnormality has occurred in a plant is provided. the edge device includes a controller configured to detect an abnormality on the basis of data regarding an observation target device, and a connection establishment unit configured to establish a connection with a remote monitoring device such that the remote monitoring device is able to remotely access the edge device when the controller has detected the abnormality and determined that the detected abnormality matches a predetermined condition, wherein the remote access is a connection for remotely checking a state of the observation target device, or for enabling a remote manipulation of the observation target device.
a remote device monitoring system including a host server including at least a processor, system bus, user input interface configured to communicate with a user input device, display interface configured to communicate with a display, network interface configured to communicate with at least one remote device and at least one data storage means including a database, a performance look-up table and at least one analyzer module including program instructions that, when implemented by the processor, receive at least one performance parameter value from at least one remote device and query the performance look-up table.
provided are a method, an apparatus, and a kit for detecting a neuroblastoma in a subject and/or for monitoring a therapeutic effect on the neuroblastoma, by measuring a urinary tumor marker(s) in a sample from the subject.
the invention provides devices, systems and methods for tissue approximation and repair at treatment sites. the devices, systems and methods of the invention will find use in a variety of therapeutic procedures, including endovascular, minimally-invasive, and open surgical procedures, and can be used in various anatomical regions, including the abdomen, thorax, cardiovascular system, heart, intestinal tract, stomach, urinary tract, bladder, lung, and other organs, vessels, and tissues. the invention is particularly useful in those procedures requiring minimally-invasive or endovascular access to remote tissue locations, where the instruments utilized must negotiate long, narrow, and tortuous pathways to the treatment site. in addition, many of the devices and systems of the invention are adapted to be reversible and removable from the patient at any point without interference with or trauma to internal tissues.
a method of corrosion rate control of nuclear power plants process circuits equipment, whereby the electrochemical potential of the structural material of heat exchanging tubes and the specific electrical conductivity of blowdown water in steam generators are measured, the polarization resistance of the structural material of the pipelines of the condensate-feeding path and the specific electrical conductivity of feed water in steam generators are measured, and these parameters are automatically averaged and compared with the rated values. the electrochemical potential and the specific electrical conductivity of blowdown water from steam generators are displayed as points on a two-parameter nomogram with the coordinates of "electrochemical potential and specific electrical conductivity of the h-cationated sample" of blowdown water divided into areas a, b, d, and f which determine various degrees of corrosion activity in relation to the material of heat exchanging tubes of the blowdown water in steam generators in accordance with the operating conditions. the values of the polarization resistance and the specific electrical conductivity of feed water from steam generators are displayed as points on a two-parameter nomogram with the coordinates of "polarization resistance and specific electrical conductivity of the h-cationated sample" of feed water divided into areas g, y, x, and z which determine various degrees of corrosion activity in relation to the material of pipelines of the feed water circuit in steam generators in accordance with the operating conditions. depending on the location of the point in one of the areas of the two-parameter nomograms, no actions are taken, or coolant parameters are adjusted, or the power unit is shut down.
a method for breaking a vehicle window glass (1) in an emergency situation comprises monitoring an operational state of the vehicle, wherein a vehicle security system is in a standby mode when said operational state of the vehicle corresponds to a first state and wherein the vehicle security system is in an emergency mode when said operational state of the vehicle corresponds to a second state. the method further comprises activating said second state when detecting one of several emergency conditions from a group comprising upside down position of vehicle with positional sensor, crash with a crash sensor, and water immersion with a water immersion detection sensor. when said operational state corresponds to said second state the method further comprises the vehicle security system monitoring changes in stress on vehicle windows, and wherein if a change in stress monitored is repeated rhythmically and the change in stress in the glass corresponds to a person banging on the window with a hand or a foot, the vehicle security system activates a glass breaking system (2) for breaking the window glass for which the changes in stress are detected.
a power storage device packaging material according to the first aspect of the present disclosure includes a structure including at least a substrate layer, an adhesive layer, a metal foil layer, a sealant adhesive layer, and a sealant layer, which are laminated in this order, wherein the adhesive layer has a yield stress in the range of 3500 to 6500 n/cm2 and breaking elongation of 45 to 200% in a stress-strain curve determined by a tensile test at a tension rate of 6 mm/min. a power storage device packaging material according to the second aspect of the present disclosure includes a structure including at least a substrate layer, an adhesive layer, a metal foil layer, an anticorrosion treatment layer, a sealant adhesive layer, and a sealant layer, which are laminated in this order, wherein the adhesive layer has a glass transition temperature in a range of 140â°c or more and 160â°c or less.
the present invention relates to a silica powder storage package (100) for storing a silica powder (ps). this silica powder storage package (100) preferably is provided with a bottomed container (21) that has an opening (21a), and a lid member (31) that closes the opening (21a). the invention further relates to a test kit which is provided with the silica powder storage package (100) and in which a sample liquid is injected into the bottomed container (21) and at least some of the components of the sample liquid are absorbed by the silica powder (ps).
systems, methods and devices for reducing noise in cardiac monitoring including wearable monitoring devices having at least one electrode for cardiac monitoring; in some implementations, the wearable device using a composite adhesive having at least one conductive portion applied adjacent the electrode; and, in some implementations, including circuitry adaptations for the at least one electrode to act as a proxy driven right leg electrode.
[problem]provided is a sewage treatment system capable of maintaining a positive dissolved oxygen concentration of sewage flowing down through a sewer conduit downstream of a relay pump station, and changing a microbial state on an inner wall of the sewer conduit to prevent corrosion of the sewer conduit.[solution]the sewage treatment system comprises: dehydration means connected to an initial sedimentation pond and/or a final sedimentation pond of a sewage treatment facility and configured to receive surplus sludge from the initial sedimentation pond and/or return sludge from the final sedimentation pond and dehydrate the received surplus sludge and/or the received return sludge; a microbial material production device configured to supply oxygen to the dehydrated sludge received from the dehydration means while maintaining a temperature of the dehydrated sludge within the range of 60â°c to 110â°c, to subject the dehydrated sludge to aerobic fermentation using gram-positive aerobic microbes in the dehydrated sludge, thereby producing a microbial material in which gram-negative anaerobic and facultative anaerobic microbes in the dehydrated sludge are decomposed and extinguished and which contains aerobic microbial spores produced after the aerobic fermentation; water feeding means configured to feed water from any part of the sewage treatment system to the after-mentioned microbe activation device; a microbe activation device configured to receive the microbial material from the microbial material production device, and supply the water from the water feeding means to the received microbial material, while maintaining a temperature and an oxygen concentration of the water, respectively, within the range of 10â°c to 40â°c, and within the range of 1 to 10 mg/l, thereby germinating the spores of the microbial material to activate the microbial material; and oxygen supply means configured to supply oxygen to the sewage at any position of the relay pump station; wherein the sewage including the activated microbial material and the oxygen supplied from the oxygen supply means is sent from the relay pimp station to the sewage treatment facility.
l'invention concerne un procã©dã© de compactage d'une peinture anti-corrosion comportant des particules mã©talliques et recouvrant une piã¨ce mã©canique (2) telle qu'une piã¨ce de turbomachine, le procã©dã© comprenant une ã©tape d'au moins une projection de particules solides de glace (4) sur la piã¨ce (2) de maniã¨re ã  densifier et ã  rendre ã©lectriquement conductrice la peinture.
a ridable mower machine includes: a mower (7); a grass collecting container (9) configured to collect cut grass from the mower; a linkage mechanism (10) that includes a plurality of linkage members (21, 22), and supports the grass collecting container such that the grass collecting container can be lifted and lowered, and opened and closed; a hydraulic actuator configured to drive the grass collecting container; a hydraulic hose that is provided along a linkage member and is connected to the hydraulic actuator; and a cover (3)1 that covers a portion that extends along the linkage member, of the hydraulic hose.
a system and method is provided for monitoring a hydraulic power system having at least one light emitter and a button. the method includes powering on the hydraulic power system, receiving an actuation at the button and detecting a release of the button after a first time interval, and entering a diagnostic state. the method further includes retrieving a code and displaying the code by turning on the emitter in a first pattern. in some embodiments, a system and method is provided for regulating a temperature of a hydraulic power system. in some embodiments, a system and method is provided for controlling operation of a hydraulic torque wrench.
a system for monitoring fuel additives on board a vehicle includes a fuel line (200) carrying fuel from a fuel source to an engine (22), a fuel additive sensor (214) configured to measure concentration of additives in fuel at a point along the fuel line (200), a fuel additive dispenser (28) connected in parallel to the fuel line (200), at least one flow control device (208) for controlling an amount of flow from the fuel line (200) into the fuel additive dispenser (28), and a controller (216) configured to receive input from the fuel additive sensor (214) and to control the flow control device (208) to adjust the amount of the flow from the fuel line (200) into the fuel additive dispenser (28).
the present invention relates to a kit for administering a predetermined medication, comprising a package, at least one medicinal container contained in the package, the at least one medicinal container marked with a name and strength of the predetermined medication and containing a volume of the predetermined medication, and a syringe contained in the package volumetrically calibrated and marked for administering the predetermined medication according to a manufacturer's recommended dosage schedule. the syringe further include a barrel and a plunger disposed within the barrel, at least one of the barrel and the plunger marked with a name of the predetermined medication, the strength of the predetermined medication, and at least two calibrated measurement indicia for dosing the predetermined medication according to the manufacturer's recommended dosage schedule for the predetermined medication.
a heat exchanger of the present disclosure is operated in a cooling operation mode in which a region to be heat-exchanged is cooled by the heat exchanger or in a drying operation mode in which the heat exchanger is supplied with wind from a blowing fan, and comprises: a refrigerant pipe which forms a flow path of a refrigerant; a cooling fin which is coupled to the refrigerant pipe; and a hydrophilic coating with which the surface of at least one of the refrigerant pipe and the cooling fin is coated, wherein the hydrophilic coating contains: a first type transition metal oxide which becomes acidic by reacting with water formed on the refrigerant pipe or the cooling fin, so as to have antimicrobial activity when the heat exchanger is operated in the cooling operation mode; and a second type transition metal oxide or a post transition metal oxide which has antimicrobial activity when the heat exchanger is operated in the drying operation mode.
the present invention relates to an antimicrobial adhesive protein, an antimicrobial nanoparticle, an antimicrobial composition comprising the same nanoparticle, and a preparation method for the same composition and, more particularly, to an antimicrobial adhesive protein in which an antibiotic peptide is linked to a mussel adhesive protein, a mussel adhesive protein derivative in which a tyrosine residue within the antimicrobial adhesive protein is modified with a catechol derivative, an antimicrobial nanoparticle including a metal capable of forming a coordinate bond with a derivative of the mussel adhesive protein and having intrinsic antimicrobial activity, an antimicrobial composition comprising the same nanoparticle, and a preparation method for the same composition.
a backlight unit and a holographic display apparatus including the same are provided. the backlight unit includes a light guide plate and a uniformity changing element. the uniformity changing element has a light-incident surface and a light-exiting surface facing the light-incident surface, and the uniformity changing element receives the light output from the light guide plate through the light-incident surface, changes uniformity of the received light from the light guide plate and outputs the received light with the change in the uniformity of the received light through the light-exiting surface.
the present disclosure relates to a lawn mower robot, a lawn mower robot system, and a control method of the lawn mower robot system, whereby a position change of a signal transmission element is detected based on a result of receiving a signal transmitted from the signal transmission element, and a present position of the signal transmission element is reflected in an area map.
technologies for performing security monitoring services of a network functions virtualization (nfv) security architecture that includes an nvf security services controller and one or more nfv security services agents. the nfv security services controller is configured to transmit a security monitoring policy to the nfv security services agents and enforce the security monitoring policy at the nfv security services agents. the nfv security services agents are configured to monitor telemetry data and package at least a portion of the telemetry for transmission to an nfv security monitoring analytics system of the nfv security architecture for security threat analysis. other embodiments are described and claimed.
a measuring tool (1) for measuring a delivered dose of radiation emitted by at least one electron beam emitter (2a-b) in an irradiation area (2) used to sterilise packaging material to be later formed into a package is provided. the measuring tool (1) comprises: at least one transducer (3) configured to convert a characteristic of the delivered dose of radiation to another characteristic; a frame (5) configured to hold the at least one transducer (3) and insert the at least one transducer (3) into the irradiation area (2); and at least one connector (7) configured to allow signal transfer from the at least one transducer (3) to a read-out system (9) remote of the irradiation area (2).use of said tool and a method for calibrating a radiation dose emitted by at least one electron beam emitter (2a-b) in an irradiation area (2) used to sterilise packaging material to be later formed into a package are also provided.
a circuit for receiving the output from one of either a current transformer or a di/dt sensor includes: an input pair having a first input and a second input; a first output; a second output; a current transformer input circuit connected between the first input and the second input; and a di/dt sensor input circuit connected between the first input and the second input. the current transformer input circuit is configured to receive output from a current transformer connected to the input pair and to output a signal representative of the current sensed thereby via the first output. the di/dt sensor input circuit is configured to receive output from a di/dt sensor connected to the input pair and to output a signal representative of the current or time rate of change of the current sensed thereby via the second output.
in one embodiment, an irrigated ablation system includes a probe to be inserted into a chamber of a heart, the probe including an electrode, a temperature sensor to provide a temperature signal indicative of a temperature of a myocardium, and an irrigation channel through which to irrigate the myocardium, a pump to pump an irrigation fluid into the irrigation channel, an rf signal generator to generate rf power to be applied by the electrode to ablate the myocardium, and a controller to receive the temperature signal, calculate a rate of change of the temperature over time based on the temperature signal, calculate an irrigation rate with which to irrigate the myocardium via the irrigation channel based at least on the calculated rate of change of the temperature, and provide an irrigation signal to the pump to irrigate the myocardium with the irrigation fluid at the calculated irrigation rate.
a semiconductor package structure includes a first semiconductor die (100a) and a second semiconductor die (200b) neighboring the first semiconductor die. the first semiconductor die includes a first edge, a second edge opposite the first edge, and a first metal layer exposed (310) from the second edge. the second semiconductor includes a third edge neighboring the second edge of the first semiconductor die, a fourth edge opposite the third edge, and a second metal layer (320) exposed from the third edge. the first metal layer of the first semiconductor die is electrically connected (500) to the second metal layer of the second semiconductor die.
a memory subsystem manages memory i/o impedance compensation by the memory device monitoring a need for impedance compensation. instead of a memory controller regularly sending a signal to have the memory device update the impedance compensation when a change is not needed, the memory device can indicate when it is ready to perform an impedance compensation change. the memory controller can send an impedance compensation signal to the memory device in response to a compensation flag set by the memory or in response to determining that a sensor value has changed in excess of a threshold.
the invention provides devices, systems and methods for tissue approximation and repair at treatment sites. the devices, systems and methods of the invention will find use in a variety of therapeutic procedures, including endovascular, minimally-invasive, and open surgical procedures, and can be used in various anatomical regions, including the abdomen, thorax, cardiovascular system, heart, intestinal tract, stomach, urinary tract, bladder, lung, and other organs, vessels, and tissues. the invention is particularly useful in those procedures requiring minimally-invasive or endovascular access to remote tissue locations, where the instruments utilized must negotiate long, narrow, and tortuous pathways to the treatment site. in addition, many of the devices and systems of the invention are adapted to be reversible and removable from the patient at any point without interference with or trauma to internal tissues.
embodiments of the present invention analyze a context in which a user interacts with a computer interface and automatically optimizes the interface for the context. the controller or control mode the user selects for interaction may define the context, in part. examples of control modes include gesturing, audio control, use of companion devices, and use of dedicated control devices, such as game controllers and remote controls. the different input devices are designed for different tasks. nevertheless, a user will frequently attempt to perform a task using a control input that is not adapted for the task. embodiments of the present invention change the characteristics of the user interface to make it easier for the user to complete an intended task using the input device of the user's choice.
techniques to secure computation data in a computing environment from untrusted code. these techniques involve an isolated environment within the computing environment and an application programming interface (api) component to execute a key exchange protocol that ensures data integrity and data confidentiality for data communicated out of the isolated environment. the isolated environment includes an isolated memory region to store a code package. the key exchange protocol further involves a verification process for the code package stored in the isolated environment to determine whether the one or more exchanged encryption keys have been compromised. if the signature successfully authenticates the one or more keys, a secure communication channel is established to the isolated environment and access to the code package's functionality is enabled. other embodiments are described and claimed.
the present disclosure provides an antimicrobial alginate fiber, a method for manufacturing an antimicrobial alginate fiber dressing thereof, and an application thereof. the present disclosure may solve the technical problem that, when the cationic polymer polyhexamethylene guanide salt is mixed with the anionic polymer alginate, the antimicrobial activity of the guanide salt is quickly passivated. the present disclosure may achieve that a lower content of polyhexamethylene guanide salt in an alginate dressing has good long-term antimicrobial activities. the polyhexamethylene guanide salt has a low dissolution rate and good safety, and significantly reduces a potential risk of carcinogenicity, mutagenicity and reproductive toxicity.
an in-bed state monitoring system (100) for monitoring an in-bed state of a subject on a bed includes: four load detectors (11, 12, 13, 14) which are configured to be placed at four corners of the bed to detect a load of the subject; and an edge sitting posture determining unit (33) configured to predict that the subject is reaching a state of edge sitting posture based on a change in a magnitude relation between detection values from two load detectors, which are of the four load detectors and are placed to interpose the bed between the two load detectors in a diagonal direction of the bed.
a fuel cell device includes a fuel cell module; a condensate water recovery flow path which recovers water contained in an exhaust gas discharged from the fuel cell module as condensate water; a condensate water recovery device which stores the condensate water; and a reforming water supply flow path which supplies the condensate water to a reformer. the condensate water recovery device of the fuel cell device includes a first ion exchange container which contains an ion exchange resin; and a first storage container which stores the condensate water. the first ion exchange container is disposed inside the first storage container with a space from the first storage container, and is attachable to and detachable from the first storage container.
to reduce the risk of mistaken operation and improve convenience in an automatic analysis device. information about types of measurement inputted from an input device is combined in an examination mode creation screen image 301 on a display device of an automatic analysis device that performs analysis of specific types of measurement on a specimen container accommodating a specimen, the information about types of measurement including biochemistry examination items 303, immunology examination items 304, ise examination items 304, blood clotting examination items 306, etc. this information is associated with an examination mode name 302, which comprises discretionary setting information, and is stored in a table of a storage unit. information which is to be displayed on the display device and for which a change in settings is to be enabled is limited on the basis of the stored information about types of measurement associated with the examination mode name 302.
the method for a corrosion resistance test of a coated metal material is an electrochemical method simulating corrosion proceeded by damaged portions in the surface treatment film 4. two artificially damaged portions 5 spaced from each other in a coated metal material 1 that is obtained by providing a surface treatment film 4 on a metal base 2 are electrically connected to each other by an external circuit 11 via an aqueous electrolyte material 6, and corrosion proceeds by supplying current using one of the artificially damaged portions 5 as an anode site and the other as a cathode site.
a programmable display device (1) includes: a display panel (16) configured to display one or more switches; a proximity sensor (17) that is provided near the display panel (16) and that is configured to (i) detect a position of a pointing element in a three-dimensional space and (ii) output three detected values in three directions indicative of the position thus detected; a detecting section (331) configured to (i) identify, based on one or two first detected values of the three detected values, one switch of the one or more switches that is indicated by the pointing element, the one or two first detected values being a value(s) in one or two of the three directions, the one or two of the three directions being referred to as at least one identification direction, and (ii) detect a pressing action with respect to the one switch based on a second detected value, the second detected value being a value in another one of the three directions other than the at least one identification direction, the another one of the three directions being referred to as a pressing action detecting direction; a calculating section (332) configured to calculate an amount of movement of the pointing element in the pressing action detecting direction based on a change in the second detected value corresponding to a change in position of the pointing element in the pressing action detecting direction; and a determining section (333) configured to (i) determine whether or not the pressing action with respect to the one switch by the pointing element is effective in accordance with whether or not the amount of movement is within a predetermined amount range.
a method for distributing rfid-tagged items (26) using a mobile rfid container (10). the mobile rfid container (10) comprising an rfid detector (42) configured to conduct rfid scans and generate scan data concerning a plurality of rfid-tagged items (26) carried in the mobile rfid container (10), and location determining circuitry (57) for generating location data concerning the location of the mobile rfid container (10). the method comprising: conducting one or more rfid scans to generate scan data concerning the contents of the rfid container (10); processing the scan data and location data to determine the location of the mobile rfid container (10) at times when the contents of the rfid container (10) have changed; monitoring the location data to determine the location of the mobile rfid container (10); and performing at least one automated process in response to the location of the mobile rfid container (10) relative to at least one geofence boundary. wherein the mobile rfid container comprises a mobile case.
in one embodiment, an irrigated ablation system includes a probe to be inserted into a chamber of a heart, the probe including an electrode, a temperature sensor to provide a temperature signal indicative of a temperature of a myocardium, and an irrigation channel through which to irrigate the myocardium, a pump to pump an irrigation fluid into the irrigation channel, an rf signal generator to generate rf power to be applied by the electrode to ablate the myocardium, and a controller to receive the temperature signal, calculate a rate of change of the temperature over time based on the temperature signal, calculate an irrigation rate with which to irrigate the myocardium via the irrigation channel based at least on the calculated rate of change of the temperature, and provide an irrigation signal to the pump to irrigate the myocardium with the irrigation fluid at the calculated irrigation rate.
location-aware fitness monitoring program products, systems, and methods, and applications thereof, are disclosed. in an embodiment, a method for providing feedback to an athlete via a portable fitness monitoring device includes the steps of calculating a plurality of speed points from a plurality of time-stamped position points, calculating an output speed based on at least some of the plurality of speed points, determining that the output speed is outside of a predetermined speed range, receiving acceleration data from an accelerometer, determining that a recent speed change has occurred based on the acceleration data, providing feedback to the athlete via the portable fitness monitoring device, wherein the feedback is provided in response to the detennination that the output speed is outside of the predetermined speed range, and in response to the determination that the recent speed change has occurred.
a battery pack transport system (100; 100') includes a battery pack (200) and a protective member (600; 700) assembled on the battery pack (200) to prevent damaging of the battery pack (200) during shipping. the battery pack (200) includes two battery cell groups each having a positive electrode and a negative electrode and a female connector (4) electrically connected to two battery cell groups to connect two battery cell groups in parallel. the protective member (600; 700) engages with the female connector (4) to change two battery cell groups from parallel connected state to isolated state.
the invention provides shiga toxin a subunit derived polypeptides and cell-targeting molecules comprising amino acid substitutions which equip the polypeptides with 1) de-immunization; 2) reduced, protease-cleavage sensitivity; and/or 3) a heterologous epitope cargo(s) while retaining shiga toxin function(s), such as, e.g., potent cytotoxicity. certain polypeptides of the invention exhibit reduced immunogenic potential in mammals and/or are capable of delivering an epitope to an mhc class molecule of a cell in which the polypeptide is present. certain molecules comprising a polypeptide of the invention are well-tolerated by mammals while retaining one or more of the features mentioned above. the shiga toxin polypeptides of the invention have uses as components of cell-targeting molecules for selectively killing specific cells; for selectively delivering cargos to specific cells, and as therapeutic and/or diagnostic molecules for treating and diagnosing a variety of conditions, including cancers, immune disorders, and microbial infections.
the invention relates to traceable metallic products, methods of uses and methods of making same. the metallic products may be made traceable for integrity purposes, identification purposes, counterfeit avoidance and the like. the invention also relates to metallic supports for nanostorage of various compounds and samples.
a cap for a port of an intravenous device, the cap comprising:a body (1000) having a cavity;an actuator (1002) having a bottom surface, wherein the bottom surface includes first and second prongs (1052), and a protrusion (1053) disposed between the first and the second prongs, wherein the protrusion includes a lumen (1020) extending therethrough, wherein the actuator is configured to move within the cavity between a lower position and an upper position; andan absorbent material (1003) containing an antimicrobial solution, the absorbent material being contained within the body such that it is compressible;wherein in response to an upward force on the first and second prongs that moves the actuator from the lower position to the upper position, the actuator compresses the absorbent material and the antimicrobial solution flows through the lumen.
in alternative embodiments, the invention provides a "triple combination" therapy for treating, ameliorating and pre-venting crohn's disease (or crohn syndrome, terminal or distal ileitis or regional enteritis) or related disorders and conditions in mammals, such as paratuberculosis in mammals, or johne's disease, including genetically-predisposed and chronic disorders, where the microbial or bacterial flora of the bowel is at least one causative or symptom-producing factor; and compositions for practicing same. in alternative embodiments, methods and compositions of the invention comprise or comprise use of therapies, medications, formulations and pharmaceuticals comprising active agents that can suppress or eradicate the microbiota super-infection that causes crohn's disease or paratuberculosis infection in mammals. in alternative embodiments, the methods and uses of the invention for treating, ameliorating and preventing crohn's disease and complications of crohn's disease, or related disorders and conditions in mammals, such as paratuberculosis in mammals, or johne's disease, comprises administration to an individual (human or mammal) in need thereof: (1) an anti - tnfî± composition, or a composition capable of down-modulating tnfî± activity; (2) a hyperbaric oxygen treatment, or hbot; and (3) an anti- mycobacterium avium sub species paratuberculosis (map) (an anti-map) agent, composition or therapy.
a system and method for remote asset management is described which can provide the basis for a diverse product group including an improved remote location monitoring system, a means for communicating with and for monitoring the status and or location of a plurality of diverse assets, as well as the means for communicating with said assets for the purpose of modifying the operational status of one or more of said assets according to one or more stored data parameters such as location, use, battery power, and such like. the remote asset management system comprises a wireless module, which is associated with at least one of the plurality of assets and which is interfaced with the operating system of said asset and or with an electromechanical control means, which may control one or more features of the operation of said assets. a supporting network-based, or internet-based service platform controls and manages the status of each of the plurality of assets, either automatically, or in response to received messages from fixed or wireless communication devices, and which is capable of selectively communicating data to said assets for changing the operational status of said assets according to preprogrammed conditions.
the embodiments of the present disclosure provide an image transmission method, a device, a movable platform, a monitoring device, and a system. the method includes acquiring a first image captured by a first photographing device mounted on a movable platform, and a second image captured by a second photographing device (s101); performing image processing on the first image and the second image to obtain image-processed image data (s 102); and sending the image-processed image data to a monitoring device. according to various embodiments of the present disclosure, two images captured at the same time respectively by two photographing devices mounted on a movable platform are acquired, image data is obtained after performing image processing on the two images, the image data is sent to a monitoring device, and the monitoring device restores the two images based on the image data and displays one image through each of the two display devices, such that lack of parallax information or depth information in the picture on the monitor screen may be avoided, the farness of objects in the picture on the monitor screen may be accurately determined, and the accuracy of remote monitoring may be improved.
embodiments of this application disclose an electrical connector, including at least one first conductive terminal and at least one second conductive terminal, where a first electroplated layer is disposed on an outer surface of the first conductive terminal, a second electroplated layer is disposed on an outer surface of the second conductive terminal, and a material of the second electroplated layer is different from a material of the first electroplated layer. electroplating costs of the electrical connector are reduced while corrosion resistance of the electrical connector is ensured. the embodiments of this application further disclose a mobile terminal and an electrical connector manufacturing method.
the invention discloses a strain for the production of natural tyrosol and a preparation method for natural tyrosol. the strain is a yeast, saccharomyces sp. omk-58. the strain can be used to produce natural tyrosol. the preparation method of natural tyrosol is to use the strain to produce tyrosol by microbial fermentation. the fermentation method includes steps of strain activation, seed culture, fermentation, extraction and so on. the method has the advantages of low temperature and low pressure, relatively safe and simple operation, and less pollution. the present method is a safe and environmentally friendly production method.
a sealing jaw (21) for sealing a liquid food package (10) is provided. the sealing jaw (21) comprises at least one protrusion (23) configured to apply excessive pressure to a specific part of the package (10) during sealing, wherein at least one protrusion (23) has a rounded shape. also a packaging container with a sealing mark (11) produced by the sealing jaw (21) and a method of sealing a packaging container are provided.
an aluminum alloy brazing sheet includes a four-layer material in which an air-side brazing material layer, an intermediate layer, a core material, and an internal brazing material layer are cladded and stacked, the intermediate layer is formed of an aluminum alloy including mn of 0.2 mass % or more and less than 0.35 mass %, si of 0.6 mass % or less, fe of 0.7 mass % or less, and cu of 0.1 mass % or less, with the balance being al and inevitable impurities, the core material is formed of an aluminum alloy including si of 1.2 mass % or less, fe of 1.0 mass % or less, cu of 0.3 mass % or more and 1.0 mass % or less, and mn of 0.5 mass % or more and 2.0 mass % or less, with the balance being al and inevitable impurities, and each of the air-side brazing material layer and the internal brazing material layer is formed of an aluminum alloy including si of 4 mass % or more and 13 mass % or less, with the balance being al and inevitable impurities. the present invention provides an aluminum alloy brazing sheet for manufacturing a member for a heat exchanger with excellent corrosion resistance.
an apparatus for monitoring a leakage of a pipe line includes a plurality of measurement sensor units, installed on a plurality of sections to have predetermined intervals on the pipe line formed to transfer the fuel oil pressured and fed from a fuel oil storage tank, for measuring change amounts of a flow rate, a temperature, a flow amount, and energy of the fuel oil for each of the plurality of sections, and a leakage detector unit for receiving sensing signals corresponding to the change amounts of the flow rate, the temperature, the flow amount, and the energy of the fuel oil from the plurality of measurement sensor units and analyzing the sensing signals to decide whether the pipe line is leaked or not. the leakage detector unit is configured to detect the change amounts for each of the plurality of sections provided on the pipe line, and when a suspected leakage section occurs, compare the change amounts of the suspected leakage section with the change amounts of previous and next sections of the suspected leakage section to decide whether the pipe line is leaked or not by comparing a difference of the change amounts with a predetermined error range.
the disclosure is directed to a smart charging cable that enables dynamically and remotely controlled charging of a battery such as may be found in an electric vehicle (ev). the ev charging cable is not specific to any particular manufacturer or brand of electric vehicle thereby facilitating unrestricted application and access to vehicular charging. the ev charging cable includes a processor arranged to execute instructions stored on a memory along with a communication module for wireless communication between the cable and a remote source. a car emulator may be used to simulate the presence of a vehicle to allow switched high-power sources like standard installed ev chargers as well as a power meter for measuring the flow electricity passing through the cable. the aforementioned may be housed in a control box arranged between two portions of the cable to receive and deliver power from a source to a battery.
ultrasound diagnosis device comprising: control panel including a touch screen; at least one memory storing a plurality of layouts of user interfaces, each layout of the plurality of layouts including location information for displaying the user interfaces of the layout on the touch screen; and at least one processor configured to execute computer readable instructions to: receive user input selecting a type of diagnosis, display, on the touch screen, the user interfaces of a respective layout of the plurality of layouts corresponding to the type of diagnosis selected by the user input, in accordance with the location information included in the respective layout, and change a location of at least one user interface of the user interfaces displayed on the touch screen based on drag-and-drop input received by the touch screen, wherein the user interfaces displayed on the touch screen are operable to control functions of the ultrasound diagnosis device.
the present disclosure belongs to the technical field of hub slice tests, and particularly relates to a sand grain corrosion testing device.
a system for obtaining image content comprises a receiving unit configured to receive video frames generated during the execution of a video game at a video game playing device, a monitoring unit operable to detect at least some of the video frames as corresponding to a loading screen, a content unit configured to obtain pre-generated image content for displaying in place of or addition to the video frames identified as corresponding to loading screens, a control unit configured to receive an input from the monitoring unit, and in response said input, select pre-generated image content for displaying in place of or in addition to the video frames detected as corresponding to a loading screen, and a display unit operable to display the selected pre-generated image content in place of or in addition to the video frames detected as corresponding to a loading screen.
a circuit for receiving the output from one of either a current transformer or a di/dt sensor includes: an input pair having a first input and a second input; a first output; a second output; a current transformer input circuit connected between the first input and the second input; and a di/dt sensor input circuit connected between the first input and the second input. the current transformer input circuit is configured to receive output from a current transformer connected to the input pair and to output a signal representative of the current sensed thereby via the first output. the di/dt sensor input circuit is configured to receive output from a di/dt sensor connected to the input pair and to output a signal representative of the current or time rate of change of the current sensed thereby via the second output.
the invention relates to a computer method and system (100) with client/server topology, for the remote management of self-encrypting disks called "sed", comprising a server (130), one or more sed disks (120) with:- respective partitions which are freely accessible by the server (130), and- respective secure partitions,which are connected to said server (130) through a telecommunications network.the proposed method and system, thanks to respective disk unlocking programs installed on said one or more sed disks, are able to simultaneously manage the unlocking and locking of the respective protected partitions based on the exchange of respective footprints of the sed disks.
a battery pack transport system (100; 100') includes a battery pack (200) and a protective member (600; 700) assembled on the battery pack (200) to prevent damaging of the battery pack (200) during shipping. the battery pack (200) includes two battery cell groups each having a positive electrode and a negative electrode and a female connector (4) electrically connected to two battery cell groups to connect two battery cell groups in parallel. the protective member (600; 700) engages with the female connector (4) to change two battery cell groups from parallel connected state to isolated state.
an approach is provided for generating a dynamic navigation route based on the availability of a shared vehicle, for example, in a geofenced area for one embodiment. the approach involves identifying a navigation route along which a shared vehicle provider operates based, at least in part, on a distance threshold, wherein the navigation route is an optimal route. the approach also involves monitoring the navigation route to detect a change in current availability of the shared vehicle. the approach further involves recomputing the navigation route to include a route segment associated with the shared vehicle based on determining that the detected change indicates that the shared vehicle has become available.
a food container system may include a food container and a removable insert. the food container may include a container body defining a container cavity and a container lid adapted to couple with the container body. the removable insert may be configured to receive a food item and may include an insert body defining an insert cavity and an insert cap adapted to couple with the insert body. the removable insert may be sized and shaped to be received within the container cavity such that the container lid may be coupled to the container body when the removable insert is positioned within the container cavity. the food container may be configured to maintain a temperature of a food item positioned therein. the removable insert may comprise materials that may be microwaved or otherwise reheated such that the food item may be reheated within the removable insert.
an article includes a substrate; a first corrosion protection layer disposed on the substrate; and a second corrosion protection layer disposed on the first corrosion protection layer. the first corrosion protection layer includes a sol-gel composition and the second corrosion protection layer includes a polyurethane composition. at least one of the first or second corrosion protection layers include a corrosion inhibitor.
guarding method for workplace safety at a railway track, within the guarding method, one starts with the already present train protection system based on vital relays, and at the beginning of the implementation of the method modifications are carried out inside the relay box / housing of this existing train protection system, by locating for the vital relay of type tpr, an own and individual monitoring sensor permanently inside the relay box / housing, in which the tpr relay is located, said permanent monitoring sensor detects and / or monitors the position "open" and "closed" of the tpr relay, the monitoring sensors being arranged to individually collect and transmit the data for each associated tpr relay and, via a data connection, the status of these positions, individualized to each associated tpr relay, is reported to an associated and remote central warning computer adapted to use the data from the monitoring sensor to conclude whether the temporary mobile alarm system set up at the track workers should be instructed to provide, e.g. acoustically, the guaranteed warning to the track workers.
embodiments of molded packages and corresponding methods of manufacture are provided. in an embodiment of a molded package, the molded package includes a laser-activatable mold compound (102) having a plurality of laser-activated regions which are plated with an electrically conductive material to form metal pads (106) and/or metal traces (107) at a first side of the laser-activatable mold compound. a semiconductor die (108) embedded in the laser-activatable mold compound has a plurality of die pads (110). an interconnect (112) electrically connects the plurality of die pads of the semiconductor die to the metal pads and/or metal traces at the first side of the laser-activatable mold compound.
this application relates to elastomeric articles such as gloves, compositions for producing the articles and methods for their manufacture. the elastomeric articles contain particles for detectability of the articles (or portions thereof) by metal detectors and/or x-ray detectors. the articles may contain two different types of particles - one particle type is selected from magnetic particles, highly conductive particles or a combination, and the second particle type is particles containing one or more high atomic mass elements (with an atomic mass of at least 132). the particles may be coated by a corrosion inhibitor coating, or they may be uncoated. the compositions for producing the articles may contain a viscosity modifier.
the present disclosure relates to the use of a switch for the production of heterologous non-catabolic compounds in microbial host cells. in one aspect, provided herein are genetically modified microorganisms that produce non-catabolic compounds more stably when serially cultured under aerobic conditions followed by microaerobic conditions, and methods of producing non-catabolic compounds by culturing the genetically modified microbes under such culture conditions. in another aspect, provided herein are genetically modified microorganisms that produce non-catabolic compounds more stably when serially cultured in the presence of maltose followed by the reduction or absence of maltose, and methods of producing non-catabolic compounds by culturing the genetically modified microbes under such culture conditions.
an obturator (100) can include antimicrobial features which assist in sterilizing or maintaining the sterility of fluid contained within a vascular access device while the device is not being used for infusion or other access to the patient's vasculature. these antimicrobial features include antimicrobial coatings applied to various surfaces of an obturator and antimicrobial components bonded or otherwise secured to an obturator. various combinations of antimicrobial coatings and/or components can be used on an obturator as necessary to provide a desired amount of antimicrobial agents within a particular enclosed volume of a vascular access device.
provided are turbidometers and fluorometers having a unique form-factor to accommodate a number of optical components in a confined geometry. this provides the ability to compensate for change in light intensity from an optical source even in a closed-loop manner. the ability to package reference and signal detectors, along with a relatively large diameter led light source in a confined geometry is particularly suited for applications requiring small-diameter sensors, such as multi-parameter sonde devices having a total diameter that is in the sub-two inch range.
a power electronic module comprising a substrate, one or more power semiconductor chips attached to the substrate, a gel-like compound applied on the substrate and the one or more power semiconductor chips, and a housing covering the substrate, the one or more power semiconductor chips and the gel-like compound. the power electronic module comprises further corrosion inhibitor substance arranged inside the housing.
a composition for the use in topical antimicrobial or anti-infective treatment of skin and soft tissue infections is described, the composition includes an antiseptic substance and a photosensitizer at the time of application, wherein the antiseptic substance exerts an antimicrobial or anti-infective effect on microorganisms or their biofilm on skin, soft tissue and wounds and the photosensitizer catalyzes a photodynamic antimicrobial or anti-infective effect upon irradiation with light of appropriate wavelength, power-density and energy-dose, directed at the microorganisms or their biofilm on skin, soft tissue and wounds, for simultaneous application of both the antiseptic substance and the photosensitizer.
a polymer composition and its use. the polymer composition contains antimicrobial material for inhibiting the growth of micro-organisms in close proximity to said polymer composition. the polymer composition comprises a polymeric substrate comprising at least one polymer, a coniferous resin acid(s) dispersed in the polymeric substrate, and a booster material. the booster material comprises at least one of chemicals listed herein: higher alcohols, organic alkali salts or earth alkali salts, alkyl-p-hydroxybenzoates or alkali-poly-phosphates, nitrates, phosphates, and lactylates.
in a method for tracking an object in video-monitoring scenes, multiple feature vectors are extracted (722) and assembled (724) in point clouds, wherein a point cloud may be assembled for each tracklet, i.e. for each separate part of a track. in order to determine if different tracklets relate to the same or different objects the point clouds of each tracklet is compared (734). based on the outcome of the comparison it is deduced if the first object and the second object may be considered to be the same object and, if so, the first object is associated (738) with the second object.
it is described an arrangement (1) for controlling inflow (57) and outflow (47) of a fluid into and out of an expandable container (5) arranged to change a state of an adaptable flow regulating device (15) installed at a wind turbine rotor blade (12), the arrangement comprising: an inflow valve (3) arranged to control fluid inflow (57) into the container (5); an outflow valve (7) arranged to control fluid outflow (47) out of the container (5); wherein the inflow valve (3) and the outflow valve (3') are configured to prohibit fluid flow into and/or out of the container (5) in case of safety stop event.
a system and a method for monitoring anatomical changes in a subject in radiation therapy are provided, as well as an arrangement for medical imaging and analysis and a computer program product for carrying out the method. for monitoring anatomical changes in a subject in radiation therapy, the following steps are performed. first anatomical image data and subsequent anatomical image data of the subject are received. the first anatomical image data and the subsequent anatomical image data are analyzed. this analysis comprises registering the subsequent anatomical data to the first anatomical data. changes between the first anatomical image data and the subsequent anatomical image data are identified as change states, and the identified change states are matched to corresponding qualitative descriptions. a monitoring report is provided, which comprises the qualitative descriptions of the identified changes.
a topical pharmaceutical or cosmetic formulation is disclosed, comprising two polymer membranes enclosing probiotic bacteria having antimicrobial activities against skin pathogens sandwiched therebetween, and medical and cosmetic uses thereof. preferably the probiotic bacteria are of the order lactobacillales, most preferably of the strain l. plantarum 8p-a3 (dsm 32835).
lithographic patterning method for creating features on a surface of a substrate, including the steps of: applying a resist material to the surface; performing resist processing steps, including at least: selectively exposing the resist material layer to a surface treatment step, wherein the resist material in the exposed locations is chemically modified; and developing the resist material layer to selectively remove the resist material locally. the method further comprises detecting, during or after the resist processing steps, a chemical modification of the resist material for monitoring or evaluating the processing steps. the step of detecting is performed by scanning the surface using a scanning probe microscopy device, and wherein the scanning includes contacting the surface with the probe tip in a probing area. the probing area coincides with at least one location of the exposed locations and non-exposed locations, for detecting the chemical modification. the document further describes a system.
a dynamic instruction processing system for processing and allocating instructions continuously in real time, wherein the system is arranged to receive instructions from a remote instruction source and each instruction comprises a set of variable parameters which at least determine a task action to be processed and a data set upon which the task action operates, the dynamic instruction processing system including an instruction allocation engine for allocating a received instruction to one of a plurality of processing systems operatively coupled to the dynamic instruction processing system, the instruction allocation engine being adaptive to a state of each processing system to determine how many processing systems are available to comprise the plurality of processing systems which are available for allocation of the instruction, the instruction allocation engine comprising: a predictive system state processor operatively coupled to the plurality of processing systems, the predictive state processor being arranged to: continuously monitor in real time the current status of each of a plurality of existing instructions previously allocated to and being processed by the plurality of processing systems to determine when any change of status has occurred; carry out an allocation calculation to determine an appropriate processing system of the plurality of processing systems to allocate the received instruction to, based on at least one of the set of variable parameters of the received instruction, the current status of the plurality of existing instructions and the state of each processing system; and calculate a reallocation of one of the plurality of existing instructions which has not been fully executed to another one of the plurality of processing systems based on at least one of the set of variable parameters of the one of the plurality of existing instructions upon determination that one of a group of reallocation events has occurred, the group of reallocation events comprising: a new instruction has been received by the instruction allocation engine; an update to one of the set of variable parameters of any one of the plurality of existing instructions has been received by the instruction allocation engine from the remote instruction sources, the update changing one of the set of variable parameters of any one of the plurality of existing instructions; and the state of one or more of the plurality of processing has changed or the number of available processing systems of the plurality of processing systems currently available to the instruction allocation engine for allocation has changed; a reallocation engine configured to receive commands from the predictive system state processor to reallocate one or more existing instructions and to instruct the reallocation of the existing instructions between different ones of the plurality of processing systems; and an instruction processing module arranged to receive new instructions from the remote instruction source, where the instruction processing module is operatively coupled to the predictive system state processor and upon receipt of an instruction is configured to request an allocation calculation of a received instruction from the predictive system state processor and to allocate the received instruction to one of the plurality of processing systems in accordance with the allocation calculation received from the predictive system state processor.
an industrial dishwasher includes a mains water load valve (1), a water softener (4) with decalcifying resins, a salt container (15) that receives mains water to form a brine solution that then reaches the softener (4) through a regeneration valve (14), a heater (7) receiving water decalcified by the softener (4), an exchange container (6) arranged between the softener (4) and the heater (7), an evacuation pump (12) connected to the exchange container (6) in such a way as to completely empty it, and a bypass duct (17) connecting the evacuation pump (12) to a drain (11). with this configuration it is possible to regenerate the resins simultaneously with one or more wash cycles, without having to resort to waiting times or complex duplicate water treatment circuits, so that the regeneration is carried out only when necessary and without significantly affecting the exploitation of the machine.
the present invention provides a ferritic stainless steel sheet which has more excellent toughness and excellent corrosion resistance, and a method for manufacturing the same. a ferritic stainless steel sheet has a composition containing c: 0.001 to 0.020%, si: 0.05 to 0.35%, mn: 0.05 to 1.00%, p: 0.04% or less, s: 0.01% or less, al: 0.001 to 0.300%, cr: 10.0 to 13.0%, ni: 0.75 to 1.50%, ti: 0.05 to 0.35%, and n: 0.001 to 0.020%, with the balance being fe and inevitable impurities, in which î³i [%] represented by formula (1) below is 65% or more, and a metal structure has an average crystal grain size of 45 âµm or less: î³i%=24ni+12mn+6cuâˆ’18siâˆ’12crâˆ’12mo+188 where ni, mn, cu, si, cr, and mo represent contents of the respective elements (percent by mass), and an element not contained represents 0. the ferritic stainless steel sheet is manufactured by subjecting a steel slab having the composition to hot rolling, and performing hot-rolled sheet annealing at 750 to 1,050â°c.
a package carrier (105) for holding at least two container packages (107) includes a handle (127) and a plurality of panels including a top panel (125) and at least one attachment panel (129). the top panel is for attachment to a top of the at least two container packages such that the at least two container packages are joined to the package carrier at the top panel.
in an embodiment, the claimed invention includes an oral-fluid collection and testing device that. is simple to operate. the device includes a body assembly and a cap assembly that are easy to handle by a user. a collection sponge projects from an end of the body assembly for absorbing the oral fluid of a donor, a cap assembly is easily aligned with the body assembly by way of visual alignment indicators on both the body and the cap. once the cap is aligned with the body, a user simply pushes the cap onto the 'body, which causes a first stage fluid, flow. more specifically, a buffer fluid is released from the cap and mixes with the oral fluid collected on the sponge-after waiting a short time* the cap is rotated, then pushed again, causing a second-stage fluid flow in which the sponge is compressed such that the buffer fluid/oral fluid exits the sponge and flows toward a. pair of test strips. a user can then easily view the test results by observing a visual indication, such as a color change of the test strips through a viewing window.
an image capturing apparatus includes an image capturing unit (21, 22, 116, 210) and a recording control unit (260). the image capturing unit is configured to capture images. the recording control unit is configured to compare a first image with a second image among the captured images, the second image being an image captured after the first image has been captured, and to control recording of the second image in accordance with an amount of change from the first image.
provided is a ferritic stainless steel having improved impact resistance and corrosion resistance at high temperatures by suppressing formation of a sigma phase in the steel. the ferritic stainless steel composition may include an amount of about 0.015% or less (excluding 0%) of carbon (c), an amount of about 0.17% or less (excluding 0%) of silicon (si), an amount of about 1.35% or less (excluding 0%) of manganese (mn), an amount of about 17 to 20% of chromium (cr), an amount of about 0.1 to 0.5% of titanium (ti), an amount of about 3 to 5% of aluminum (al), and iron (fe) constituting the remaining balance of the steel composition. in particular, the steel composition satisfies [equation 1] below. 20si+mn/a1<0.7 where si, mn, and al denote the content (%) of each component.
disclosed herein is a method of testing a corrosion resistance of a coated metal material 1 including an electrodeposition coat 4 on a steel sheet 2. the method includes: treatment of interposing a water-containing material 6 containing water, a supporting electrolyte, and a water penetration enhancer, between a surface of the electrodeposition coat 4 of the coated metal material 1 and an electrode 12; holding of the water-containing material 6 on the surface of electrodeposition coat 4 for one minute to one day; and electrical conduction from the electrode 12 through the water-containing material 6 to the coated metal material 1.
devices, systems and methods for communications that include social media clients are provided. in particular, a server operates a virtual client for communicating with clients of a social media server. the server receives a call request associated with a directory number of a call server, the call request to initiate a call associated with the directory number and a given client of the social media server. the server conducts the call by controlling: the virtual client to communicate with the given client, via the social media server; and the virtual client to communicate with a communication device associated with the directory number, via the call server. the server may also facilitate exchange of status updates between a given client of the social media server and the call server. the server may also facilitate calls between respective clients of different social media servers.
apparatuses, systems, and methods for a user equipment device (ue) to perform a method using a status change of a timer associated with a connected mode discontinuous reception (cdrx) communication session with a base station to trigger a switch from using a first bandwidth part (bwp) to a second bwp as the active bwp for the cdrx communication session. the timer may be an on-duration timer, an inactivity timer, or a retransmission timer. the ue may also alter a monitoring schedule of a physical downlink control channel (pdcch) in response to detecting the status change of the timer. the second bwp may have a wider or narrower bandwidth than the first bwp, depending on the type of timer and the type of status change.
a pressure sensing device is configured for measuring water pressure in a soil medium, and includes a sensor housing and a pressure sensor.the sensor housing is adapted with a sensor cavity delimited by an enveloping surface. the sensor housing is provided with a selective passage for water between an outer surface of the sensor housing and the sensor cavity. the pressure sensor is arranged within the sensor cavity for measurement of a water pressure within the sensor cavity. the pressure sensing device comprises an antimicrobial substance for preventing microbial gas production in the sensor cavity.
the presently-disclosed subject matter relates to antibodies, compositions, and methods for inhibiting and treating pathogen infection and providing contraception. in particular, the presently-disclosed subject matter relates to inhibiting and treating pathogen infection and providing contraception in a subject using compositions and antibodies capable of trapping pathogens or sperm in mucus, thereby inhibiting transport of pathogens or sperm across mucus secretions. the subject matter further relates to methods for monitoring the effectiveness of vaccines by detecting antibodies capable of trapping pathogens in mucus.
the present invention provides cytotoxic proteins comprising immunoglobulin-type binding regions for mediating cell-type specific targeting and shiga toxin effector regions derived from a subunits of members of the shiga toxin family for effectuating cytotoxicity. the cytotoxic proteins have uses for selective killing of specific cell types and as therapeutics for the treatment of a variety of diseases, including cancers, immune disorders, and microbial infections.
the present disclosure provides a concentrated and natural, vinegar-derived food additive, wherein the food additive is an antimicrobial food additive or buffering food additive, compositions comprising the vinegar-derived food additive, methods for making the vinegar-derived food additive. the concentrated food additive can have a high acid value. food products and methods of making food products containing the vinegar-derived food additive are provided. the food products can be meat, poultry, or fish food products.
disclosed herein are antimicrobial compounds compositions, pharmaceutical compositions, the use and preparation thereof. some embodiments relate to 1 cyclic boronic acid ester derivatives and their use as therapeutic agents.
the present invention relates to a device, system and method for determining a vital sign of a subject. to increase ppg signal strength in remote vital signs monitoring without compromising the unobtrusiveness the device comprises an input unit (31) configured to obtain a detection signal derived from contactlessly detected electromagnetic radiation transmitted through or reflected from a skin region of a subject, a vital sign determination unit (32) configured to determine a vital sign from said detection signal, and a control unit (33) configured to generate a control signal for controlling a stimulation unit (10) configured to locally stimulate a skin region of the subject to cause vasodilation of the stimulated skin region.
method for monitoring a user, whereby a plurality of conditions of a user is defined, and whereby each condition is related to a level of consent, comprising the stepsâ€¢ continuously monitoring said user;â€¢ during said continuous monitoring, detecting physiological and/or cognitive states and/or critical events;â€¢ building a model for the condition of said user from said detected states and events;â€¢ assessing if a change in the physiological and/or cognitive condition and/or a critical event, especially within a given period of reference, has occurred and/or is about to occur, and, if a change and/or critical event has occurred, prompting said user for re-consent by the user or by its legally appointed proxies, whenever the user is unable to consent, and/or prompting for explicit adjustment of previous consent due to an adjustment of the required degree of monitoring.
the invention relates to a ferritic stainless steel having excellent corrosion and sheet forming properties. the steel consists of in weight percentages 0.003 - 0.035 % carbon, 0.05 - 1.0 % silicon, 0.10 - 0.8 % manganese, 18 - 24 % chromium, 0.05 - 0.8 % nickel, 0.003 - 2.5 % molybdenum, 0.2 - 0.8 % copper, 0.003 - 0.05 % nitrogen, 0,05 - 1.0 % titanium, 0.05 - 1.0 % niobium, 0.03 - 0.5 % vanadium, 0.010 - 0.04 % aluminium, and the sum c+n less than 0.06 %, the remainder being iron and inevitable impurities, wherein the ratio(ti+nb)/(c+n) is higher or equal to 8, and less than 40,and the ratiotieq/ceq = (ti + 0.515*nb +0.940*v)/(c+0.858*n) is higher or equal to 6, and less than 40, andleq = 5.8*nb + 5*ti*si is higher or equal to 3.3, and the steel is produced using aod (argon-oxygen-decarburization) technology.
the present disclosure provides a method for applying an anti-corrosion coating to a substrate, the method comprising:(a) applying an anti-corrosion composition, and(b) applying a dye which exhibits fluorescence when exposed to ultraviolet radiation.
the present invention discloses high entropy alloys that consist of the following composition, wherein the percentages are expressed by weight with respect to the total weight of the alloy: 5-20wt.% cr, 10-25wt.% mn, 0.3-20wt.% si, 0.2-6wt.% fe and the balance ni and unavoidable impurities. the invention also discloses a process for manufacturing these high entropy alloys with high hardness values. the invention also comprises submitting the alloys to a thermal treatment and achieving an improved hardness and very good corrosion resistance. finally, the invention refers to the uses of these alloys for manufacturing parts for use for example cutting tools, high temperature heat exchange applications and high wear resistance components in machinery for construction and mining.
the invention is intended to provide a high-strength stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods having high strength with a yield strength of 862 mpa (125 ksi) or more, excellent low-temperature toughness with an absorption energy ve-40 of 40 j or more as measured by a charpy impact test at a test temperature of -40â°c, and excellent corrosion resistance. the invention is also intended to provide a method for manufacturing such a high-strength stainless steel seamless pipe. the high-strength stainless steel seamless pipe has a microstructure that is at least 45% tempered martensite phase, 20 to 40% ferrite phase, and more than 10% and 25% or less retained austenite phase by volume. the high-strength stainless steel seamless pipe has a yield strength of 862 mpa or more, and a maximum crystal grain diameter of 500 âµm or less for ferrite crystal grains when crystal grains with a crystal orientation difference of within 15â° are defined as the same crystal grains.
an aluminum alloy brazing sheet for a heat exchanger includes a three-layer material in which a brazing material layer, an intermediate layer, and a core material are cladded and stacked, the intermediate layer is formed of an aluminum alloy including mn of 0.2 mass % or more and less than 0.35 mass %, si of 0.6 mass % or less, fe of 0.7 mass % or less, and cu of 0.1 mass % or less, with the balance being al and inevitable impurities, the core material is formed of an aluminum alloy including si of 1.2 mass % or less, fe of 1.0 mass % or less, cu of 0.3 mass % or more and 1.0 mass % or less, and mn of 0.5 mass % or more and 2.0 mass % or less, with the balance being al and inevitable impurities, and the brazing material layer is formed of an aluminum alloy including si of 4 mass % or more and 13 mass % or less, with the balance being al and inevitable impurities. the present invention provides an aluminum alloy brazing sheet for manufacturing a member for a heat exchanger with excellent corrosion resistance.
disclosed herein are a copper-alloy stainless pipe, an air conditioner including the same and a method of manufacturing the same. a copper-alloy stainless pipe includes a recrystallization layer forming an interface between a pipe base material and a copper plating layer, thereby increasing bonding force between the pipe base material and the copper plating layer. accordingly, it is possible to prevent the copper plating layer from being peeled off and to increase corrosion resistance of the pipe. the recrystallization layer may be composed of intermetallic compound.
compositions comprising an isolated peptide, which may for example optionally comprise a sequence selected from the group consisting of ydynwy, ydynly, fdynfy, fdynly, fdynwy, ydwnly, ydwhly, and wdynly, extracted from organisms such as aquatic organisms and moss or any other sequence described herein, and methods of using same, including for treatment of or prevention of formation of microbial biofilms and against adhesion of a cell to a surface.
stents generally can include multiple longitudinal elements each extending over a majority of the length of the stent and each having alternating flexible and rigid segments. the stents can include nodes positioned between the flexible and rigid segments on the longitudinal elements and interconnecting members extending circumferentially to connect adjacent longitudinal elements at the nodes. the longitudinal elements can have a wave pattern and the interconnecting members can have a branch structure connecting peaks from one longitudinal element to troughs of an adjacent longitudinal element. the resulting stent structure can have lateral and longitudinal flexibility needed to navigate and conform to intracranial arteries with the benefits of recapturability and structural integrity of a closed cell design.
a two-way distribution, charging, and vending system permits a subscriber to exchange one or more partially or completely discharged portable electric energy storage devices for a comparable number of charged portable electric energy storage devices. the two-way distribution, charging, and vending system includes a number of charging modules, each with a dedicated power converter, communicably coupled to at least one two-way distribution system controller and to a power distribution grid. upon receipt of a discharged portable electric energy storage device, the at least one two-way distribution system controller validates a manufacturer identifier and a subscriber identifier stored in a nontransitory storage media carried by the discharged portable electric energy storage device. responsive to a successful authentication and validation, the at least one two-way distribution system controller dispenses a charged portable electric energy storage device to the subscriber.
embodiments of molded packages and corresponding methods of manufacture are provided. in an embodiment of a molded package, the molded package includes a laser-activatable mold compound (102) having a plurality of laser-activated regions which are plated with an electrically conductive material to form metal pads (106) and/or metal traces (107) at a first side of the laser-activatable mold compound. a semiconductor die (108) embedded in the laser-activatable mold compound has a plurality of die pads (110). an interconnect (112) electrically connects the plurality of die pads of the semiconductor die to the metal pads and/or metal traces at the first side of the laser-activatable mold compound.
disclosed is a corrosion inhibition coating, comprising: a base comprising a matrix and a metal within the matrix; and an inhibitor comprising: zinc molybdate, cerium citrate, magnesium metasilicate, a metal phosphate silicate, or a combination thereof, wherein the metal within the matrix comprises aluminum, an aluminum alloy, zinc, a zinc alloy, magnesium, a magnesium alloy, or a combination thereof. also disclosed is a substrate coated with the corrosion inhibition coating.
a system for servicing cable includes a field-end assembly and a live-end assembly, each mounted on a support structure having at least one drive mechanism operable to cause relative linear movement between the field-end assembly and the live-end assembly. a drilling-and-shorting assembly can create a short circuit in a field-end of the cable, and a continuity tester can test the integrity of the short-circuit. the field end of the cable can then be ejected from the system, and an end-cap-cradle assembly can position an end cap on a live end of an electrical cable and test its installation.
a method of monitoring a conveyance apparatus within a conveyance system (101) including: detecting a vibratory signature (310) at a primary location during a commissioning phase using a primary sensing apparatus (210) located at the primary location; detecting a vibratory signature (310) at a secondary location during the commissioning phase using a secondary sensing apparatus located at the secondary location; determining a transfer algorithm (302) in response to the vibratory signature (310) at the primary location during the commissioning phase and the vibratory signature (310) at the secondary location during the commissioning phase; detecting a vibratory signature (310) at the primary location during a normal operation phase using the primary sensing apparatus located at the primary location; and converting the vibratory signature (310) at the primary location during the normal operation phase to a vibratory signature (310) at the secondary location during the normal operation phase using the transfer algorithm (302).
the present invention relates to a metal filter for fluids. more particularly, it relates to a filter made of anodized metal, wherein said metal comprises a superficial porous layer of an oxide of said metal, comprising at least one antimicrobial substance, wherein said filter comprises a plurality of thread-like elements of said anodized metal, at least partially in non-permanent contact with each other, randomly deformed to form a plurality of non-linear pathways.
the presently-disclosed subject matter relates to antibodies, compositions, and methods for inhibiting and treating pathogen infection and providing contraception. in particular, the presently-disclosed subject matter relates to inhibiting and treating pathogen infection and providing contraception in a subject using compositions and antibodies capable of trapping pathogens or sperm in mucus, thereby inhibiting transport of pathogens or sperm across mucus secretions. the subject matter further relates to methods for monitoring the effectiveness of vaccines by detecting antibodies capable of trapping pathogens in mucus.
method of minimizing pitting corrosion at temperatures above 130â°c, wherein said method comprises: providing an acidic fluid comprising an alkylsulfonic acid; providing at least one corrosion inhibitor compound comprising an organic compound comprising at least two aldehyde functional groups; combining said acidic fluid with said at least one corrosion inhibitor compound; exposing said mixed fluid to a metallic surface at a temperature of at least 130â°c; and allowing said mixed fluid sufficient time of exposure to a metal to accomplish a pre-determined function.
an inhibition corrosion package for use with an acidic composition, where the package comprises a dialdehyde-containing hydrocarbon component; at least one surfactant; optionally, a propargyl alcohol or derivative thereof; and a solvent. also disclosed are acidic compositions combining the corrosion inhibition package according to a preferred embodiment of the present invention for use in various industrial operations including but not limited to oil and gas operations. also disclosed are methods of use of such compositions.
the present invention addresses the problem of providing a method for manufacturing a variety of seasoning ingredient liquids having a high extract solids content, the method making it possible to prevent a decrease in collection rate due to burning and quality degradation due to microbial contamination while improving productivity through a continuous heating process performed for a short period of time, and to impart superior flavors and impart flavors in a more versatile manner while inhibiting the destruction of taste-contributing components. as a result of thoroughgoing investigations into solving the above problem, the inventors of the present invention perfected the present invention upon discovering a method for manufacturing a seasoning in which a direct steam-heating cooker is used, whereby a desired flavor is imparted in a mild manner within 60 seconds while a continuous heating treatment at 130â°c or above is performed, and destruction of taste-imparting components can be minimized.
[problem] the present invention addresses the problem of suppressing corrosion of a molding machine or mold when molding a polybutylene terephthalate resin composition that uses a halogenated benzyl acrylate-based flame retardant as a flame retardant and suppressing corrosion of a metal terminal in an insert-molded article that uses the polybutylene terephthalate resin composition.[solution] the problem is solved by a polybutylene terephthalate resin composition that uses a halogenated benzyl acrylate-based flame retardant as a flame retardant, wherein the amount of halogenated aromatic compounds such as chlorobenzene in the manufacturing process for the flame retardant is suppressed.
a method for preparing a highly insulating nano-protective coating with a modulation structure, belonging to the field of plasma technology. in the method, a reaction chamber is vacuumized and an inert gas is introduced, a base material is caused to move, and a low-dipole moment-organic silicon/fluorocarbon modulation multi-layer compact structure is formed by means of alternately performing low-dipole moment organic coating preparation and organic silicon coating preparation or organic fluorocarbon coating preparation, which can reduce stress of the coating and increase toughness of the coating. at the same time, since a lateral interface is present between the low-dipole moment-organic silicon/fluorocarbon, when corrosive media encounter the lateral interface during corrosion of the coating, the corrosion may develop laterally, so that longitudinal corrosion which penetrates the coating is not prone to forming, thereby avoiding the corrosive media from penetrating through the coating and corroding protected materials and devices. meanwhile, due to the superlattice effect of the modulation nano-layered structure, the accumulation of dislocations between the layers makes the coating less prone to breakdown, and the power-on capability under water resistance is effectively improved.
provided are an aircraft soundness diagnostic device and an aircraft soundness diagnostic method that enable diagnosis of detachment and the progress or the like of detachment of an adhered structure in the body of an aircraft. an aircraft soundness diagnostic device 10 is provided with a control unit 40 that carries out structure soundness monitoring of a body 2 of an aircraft 1. the control unit 40 has a first risk assessment unit 50 that assesses the risk of damage occurring in the body 2 on the basis of a correlation between reference data 105 stored in a storage unit 30 and a signal data set 106 based on measurement data 101 obtained through measurement carried out by a measuring instrument 20, a second risk assessment unit 60 that assesses the risk of damage occurring in the body 2 on the basis of the time-sequence change in the behavior of the signal data set 106, and a maintenance assessment unit 70 that assesses the life, repair timing, and a maintenance plan of the body 2 on the basis of the time-sequence change in the behavior of the signal data set 106.
a monitoring target selecting device is a monitoring target selecting device which is configured to output a measurement parameter to an abnormality diagnosis device that is configured to diagnose an abnormal event of a plant based on a correlation value representing a mutual correlation between measurement parameters output from the monitoring target selecting device, and includes a classification unit configured to acquire a plurality of measurement parameters measured in the plant, classify a change behavior of measured value over a time for each of the plurality of measurement parameters in a first period, and classify a change behavior of a measured value over a time for each of the plurality of measurement parameters in each of the first period and a second period, and a selection unit configured to select the measurement parameter as a measurement parameter to be output to the abnormality diagnosis device on the basis of a result of comparing a behavior of the measurement parameter in the first period and a behavior of the measurement parameter in the second period.
a fluid mixing system includes a container 44, such as a flexible bag, bounding a compartment. a flexible drive line 44 is disposed within the compartment, the drive line having a first end rotatably connected to a first end of the container and an opposing second end rotatably connected to a second end of the container. at least one mixing element 40, such as an impeller within the container.
a system for servicing cable includes a field-end assembly and a live-end assembly, each mounted on a support structure having at least one drive mechanism operable to cause relative linear movement between the field-end assembly and the live-end assembly. a drilling-and-shorting assembly can create a short circuit in a field-end of the cable, and a continuity tester can test the integrity of the short-circuit. the field end of the cable can then be ejected from the system, and an end-cap-cradle assembly can position an end cap on a live end of an electrical cable and test its installation.
a method for providing cost data for a flight is provided. the method (i) obtains cost target data for the flight, under anticipated conditions; (ii) obtains real-time aircraft performance parameters affecting the actual cost of the flight, using continuous monitoring during the flight, including at least aircraft speed modes, aircraft flight level changes, tactical interventions, weather impact, and descent timing deviations; (iii) determines an actual cost of the flight, based on the real-time aircraft performance parameters affecting the actual cost; (iv) identifies flight plan change options associated with a potential cost savings over the actual cost, wherein the flight plan change options comprise potential modifications to the flight plan to complete the flight; (v) presents the flight plan change options; and (vi) adapts operation of one or more avionics systems onboard the aircraft, based on one of the flight plan change options.
methods and systems are provided for detecting patient motion during a diagnostic scan. in one example, a method for a medical imaging system includes obtaining output from one or more patient monitoring devices configured to monitor a patient before and during a diagnostic scan executed with the medical imaging system, receiving a request to initiate the diagnostic scan, tracking patient motion based on the output from the one or more patient monitoring devices, and initiating the diagnostic scan responsive to patient motion being below a threshold level.
a power device includes one or more electrical components, the electrical components including one or more physical attribute. the power device includes one or more sensors configured to monitor the attribute(s). the power device includes a non-transitory computer-readable storage medium including one or more alerting rule. the power device includes one or more processors configured for retrieving the one or more alerting rule from the storage medium. the processors are configured for monitoring one or more sensor value from the sensor(s), wherein the sensor values are associated with the attribute(s). the processors are configured for evaluating the at least one alerting rule during the monitoring, and when the one or more alerting rule results in a pending failure condition, sending a notification to a user.
the present invention provides a novel metal corrosion inhibitor containing a compound having a specific structure. the present invention relates to a metal corrosion inhibitor including a compound (x) including one molecule of a mercaptocarboxylic acid or a mercaptocarboxylic acid salt; one molecule of acrylic acid, an acrylic acid salt, or an acrylic acid ester; and one molecule of a monomer (b) represented by the following formula (1), which are bonded to each other:
the present embodiment relates to a radiation detector having a structure enabling suppression of polarization in a thallium bromide crystalline body and suppression of corrosion of an electrode in the air. the radiation detector comprises a first electrode, a second electrode, and a thallium bromide crystalline body provided between the first and second electrodes. at least one of the first electrode and the second electrode includes an alloy layer. the alloy layer is comprised of an alloy of metallic thallium and another metal different from the metallic thallium.
provided are an observation device, an observation method, and an observation device control program capable of performing an auto-focus control for each observation region at high speed and shortening a scanning time in each observation region. the observation device includes an imaging optical system (14) that includes an imaging lens forming an image of an observation target in a cultivation container (50), an operating section (15) that performs at least one of a first operation of changing a focal length of the imaging optical system (14), a second operation of moving the imaging lens (14d) in an optical axis direction, or a fourth operation of moving the container in the optical axis direction, a detection section (18) that detects a vertical position of the cultivation container (50), and an operation controller (21) that controls the operating section (15) based on the vertical position of the cultivation container (50). the detection section (18) detects the vertical position of the cultivation container (50) at a forward position of an observation region in a movement direction with reference to a position of the observation region of the imaging optical system (14) with respect to the cultivation container (50), and changes a displacement sensor to be used in accordance with a change of a movement direction of the observation region.
an anticorrosion treatment method for a copper-containing material comprises: carrying out a sealed and pressurized reaction on a copper-containing material and a stabilizer in presence of a polar solvent and any assistant, the stabilizer being a compound capable of providing formates, so that the formates are adsorbed on the surface of the copper-containing material. in the method, formates are modified on the surface of the copper-containing material, accordingly, the oxidation resistance capability and the stability of the copper-containing material can be significantly improved while the electrical conductivity of the copper-containing material is not reduced, and the corrosion resistance of the copper-containing material and especially, the salt and alkali corrosion resistance of the copper-containing material are significantly improved.
the disclosure is directed to a smart charging cable that enables dynamically and remotely controlled charging of a battery such as may be found in an electric vehicle (ev). the ev charging cable is not specific to any particular manufacturer or brand of electric vehicle thereby facilitating unrestricted application and access to vehicular charging. the ev charging cable includes a processor arranged to execute instructions stored on a memory along with a communication module for wireless communication between the cable and a remote source. a car emulator may be used to simulate the presence of a vehicle to allow switched high-power sources like standard installed ev chargers as well as a power meter for measuring the flow electricity passing through the cable. the aforementioned may be housed in a control box arranged between two portions of the cable to receive and deliver power from a source to a battery.
there is provided a system for monitoring an engine. the system includes a processor. a memory including instructions that, when executed by the processor, cause the processor to perform certain operations. the operations may include receiving a first data set and a second data set. the first data set being sampled at a first rate and the second data set being sampled at a second rate, where the first and second rate are different. the operations further include determining, based on a number of occurrences in either the first data set or the second set, whether an event that has occurred in the engine has occurred a predetermined number of times. the operations further include recording the first data set as an output in response to the number of occurrences exceeding the predetermined number of times, and in the contrary recording the second data set as the output. the operations may include computing a ratio of a fast recording process to a slow recording process and adjusting an output file size according the ratio. another feature may be a look back subsystem that backfills an interval of pre-event fast recordings when an event is detected. the system can self-adjust thresholds to maintain file size constraints during unusually active or eventful flights.
a metering pump is typically used to move a specified volume of liquid in a specified amount of time. because it may be desirable to maintain fluid in the pumping system such that the metering pump is maintained in a primed condition, an automatic prime detection function is provided by monitoring the current to a solenoid assembly of the pump. a loss of prime condition can then be detected by comparing the measured current to a characterized selected current value such that operation of the metering pump can be changed based on load.
a semiconductor package structure includes a first semiconductor die (100a) and a second semiconductor die (200b) neighboring the first semiconductor die. the first semiconductor die includes a first edge, a second edge opposite the first edge, and a first metal layer exposed (310) from the second edge. the second semiconductor includes a third edge neighboring the second edge of the first semiconductor die, a fourth edge opposite the third edge, and a second metal layer (320) exposed from the third edge. the first metal layer of the first semiconductor die is electrically connected (500) to the second metal layer of the second semiconductor die.
the present invention relates to a superabsorbent polymer composition. the superabsorbent polymer composition of the present invention may exhibit very improved antimicrobial and deodorizing properties while maintaining basic absorption performance, and can significantly reduce the generation of dust during the application for a process, and thus fulfills both stability and processability and can be usefully applied for hygienic goods such as a diaper and the like. the superabsorbent polymer composition includes: a) superabsorbent polymer particles including a crosslinked polymer of water-soluble ethylenically unsaturated monomers including acid groups, of which at least a part are neutralized, and b) an antimicrobial agent having a controlled particle size, containing a chelating agent including edta or an alkali metal salt thereof; a mixture of an organic acid and a silicate-based salt; and an agent for controlling a particle size.
a washable pillow comprising of a molded foam core with antimicrobial resistance encased in a washable netting and a sleeve. the pillow may be washed and dried using conventional household methods without significant damage or loss of mechanical properties.
the present invention relates to a composition, a diagnosis kit, and a diagnosis method for diagnosing a risk of preterm birth, by detecting change in a microbial community from a sample of pregnant woman. more specifically, the present invention relates to a composition, a diagnosis kit, and a diagnosis method for diagnosing a risk of preterm birth by detecting a weissella microorganism from a sample of pregnant woman.
provided is a ni-based corrosion-resistant alloy powder preferable for additive manufacturing, and provided are an additive manufacturing product and a member for semiconductor production devices having excellent corrosion resistance with few defects by using this powder. a ni-based corrosion-resistant alloy powder for additive manufacturing comprises in mass%: 14.5 to 24.0% of cr; 12.0 to 23.0% of mo; 0.01 to 7.00% of fe; 0.001 to 2.500% of co; 0.0001 to 0.0050% of mg; 0.001 to 0.040% of n; 0.005 to 0.50% of mn; 0.001 to 0.200% of si; 0.01 to 0.50% of al; 0.001 to 0.500% of ti; 0.001 to 0.250% of cu; 0.001 to 0.300% of v; 0.0001 to 0.0050% of b; 0.0001 to 0.0100% of zr; and 0.0010 to 0.0300% of o, and the balance of ni with inevitable impurities. the inevitable impurities comprise less than 0.05% of c; less than 0.01% of s; and less than 0.01% of p. a method for producing an additive manufacturing product or a member for semiconductor production devices comprises performing additive manufacturing by using the ni-based corrosion-resistant alloy powder.
the invention provides a method for manufacturing nano carbon micro particles, including the following steps: step one: digesting the malvaceae plants to produce solutions containing lignin; step two: extracting lignin condensation from the solution containing lignin, and then removing salt from the lignin condensation to form material containing lignin; step three: carbonizing the material containing lignin to form carbides; step four: crushing the carbides; step five: performing high-frequency heat treatment on the crushed carbides to obtain carbon micro particles; further including step six: crushing again the carbon micro particles so that the carbon micro particles are nano-sized and finely pulverized. the high-purity carbon micro particles obtained by the present invention have excellent properties in aspects of conductivity, wear resistance, heat resistance, corrosion resistance, etc., which can be used as an electromagnetic sealing material, a wear-resistant material, a heating element, a heat-resistant material, corrosion resistant materials, the application is extremely wide.
according to a first aspect there is provided a humidifier for tobacco products, the humidifier comprising: an absorbent element; and a hydrochromic substance arranged in fluid and/or vapour communication with the absorbent element, the hydrochromic substance being located such that there is a human-perceptible change in the colour of the humidifier between a wet state and a dry state. according to a second aspect there is provided a tobacco product storage container comprising: a tobacco product storage compartment which can be opened and closed; and the humidifier of the first aspect arranged in fluid and/or vapour communication with the tobacco product storage compartment's interior. according to a third aspect there is provided a method of humidifying the tobacco product storage container of the second aspect, the method comprising wetting the absorbent element such that the humidifier undergoes a colour change.
the invention relates to a remote monitoring system (100) for an elevator system. the remote monitoring system (100) comprises at least one remotely operable intermediate device (110) and a monitoring unit (120) for remotely controlling operation of the at least one intermediate device (110) at least partly. the monitoring unit (120) is configured to: control at least one intermediate device (110) to generate a remote command for controlling at least one operation of the elevator system, and monitor a response of the elevator system to the remote command. the invention relates also to a method for remotely monitoring an elevator system.
the invention is related to methods, systems, client computing devices, and server computing devices for enhancing the efficiency of the use of digital equipment by changing habits of a user of a client computing device. the invention encompasses: monitoring, for a first monitoring time period, the behavior of the user interacting with a client user interface of the client computing device and collecting first user behavior data. transmitting, with a client transceiver of the client computing device, the first user behavior data to a server transceiver of a server computing device. receiving, with the server transceiver, the first user behavior data. storing, in a server memory of the server computing device, the first user behavior data. determining a user habit, based on the first user behavior data. selecting, by the server computing device, a first user habit change stimulus from a plurality of user habit change stimuli, based on the user habit, the first user behavior data and the behavior data of other users stored in the server memory. transmitting, with the server transceiver, the first habit change stimulus to the client transceiver. receiving, with the client transceiver, the first user habit change stimulus. applying, via the client user interface, the first user habit change stimulus to the user. monitoring, for a second monitoring time period, the behavior of the user interacting with the client user interface and collecting second user behavior data. determining whether the user has changed the first user habit. and, finally, if the user has changed the first user habit in the desired direction and if there are further user habits to be changed, concentrating on a further user habit.
a blood coagulation analyzing method according to one or more aspects may include: calculating a coagulation time based on data representing a coagulation curve of a change in an optical detection value of a blood specimen added with a reagent for starting a coagulation reaction; calculating an index value related to derivatives calculated concerning the coagulation curve represented by the data used in the calculating the coagulation time; and determining whether an early reaction error has occurred based on a comparison result obtained by comparing the index value to a predetermined threshold.
a system for monitoring fuel additives on board a vehicle includes a fuel line (200) carrying fuel from a fuel source to an engine (22), a fuel additive sensor (214) configured to measure concentration of additives in fuel at a point along the fuel line (200), a fuel additive dispenser (28) connected in parallel to the fuel line (200), at least one flow control device (208) for controlling an amount of flow from the fuel line (200) into the fuel additive dispenser (28), and a controller (216) configured to receive input from the fuel additive sensor (214) and to control the flow control device (208) to adjust the amount of the flow from the fuel line (200) into the fuel additive dispenser (28).
the present invention relates to a liquid storage tank equipped with a liquid level monitoring device. the liquid storage tank includes a tank body that stores a liquid; a liquid level monitoring device that includes a rod member inserted into the liquid and a float member floating on a liquid surface of the liquid, wherein the liquid level monitors device monitors the liquid level of the liquid in accordance with a sliding movement of the float member along the rod member in the vertical direction in response to a change in the liquid level of the liquid; a press member that extends from the outside of the tank body into the tank body and includes a portion outside the tank body and a portion inside the tank body, wherein the portion inside the tank body is in contact with the float member, and the press member presses the float member below the liquid surface of the liquid by using a pressing force applied from the outside of the liquid storage tank to the portion outside the tank body; and a return member, wherein one end of the return member is fixed to the press member, and when the press member presses the float member, the return member applies a return force to the press member so as to return the press member to an initial position where the float member is not pressed by the press member.
the present application discloses a simple process for the purification of neutral human milk oligosaccharides (hmos) produced by microbial fermentation.the process uses a combination of a cationic ion exchanger treatment, an anionic ion exchanger treatment, and a nanofiltration and/or electrodialysis step, which allows efficient purification of large quantities of neutral hmos at high purity.contrary to the purification currently used in fermentative production of neutral hmos, the presented process allows the provision of hmos without the need of a chromatographic separation. the so purified hmos may be obtained in solid form by spray drying, as crystalline material or as sterile filtered concentrate.the provided hmos are free of proteins and recombinant material originating from the used recombinant microbial strains and thus very well-suited for use in food, medical food and feed (e.g. pet food) applications.
a method of monitoring a conveyance apparatus within a conveyance system (101) including: detecting a vibratory signature (310) at a primary location during a commissioning phase using a primary sensing apparatus (210) located at the primary location; detecting a vibratory signature (310) at a secondary location during the commissioning phase using a secondary sensing apparatus located at the secondary location; determining a transfer algorithm (302) in response to the vibratory signature (310) at the primary location during the commissioning phase and the vibratory signature (310) at the secondary location during the commissioning phase; detecting a vibratory signature (310) at the primary location during a normal operation phase using the primary sensing apparatus located at the primary location; and converting the vibratory signature (310) at the primary location during the normal operation phase to a vibratory signature (310) at the secondary location during the normal operation phase using the transfer algorithm (302).
a detection system (200) configured to detect water in a fan case (150) includes a heater (202), a monitoring camera (204), and a computing device (206). the heater (202) is configured to apply heat to the fan case (150). any water within the fan case (150) generates a local transient thermal gradient in response to the applied heat. the monitoring camera (204) is positioned proximate the fan case (150) and configured to acquire a plurality of images (600) of the heated fan case (150). the computing device (206) is configured to: receive the plurality of images (600) from the monitoring camera (204) and analyze the plurality of images (600) to detect the water in the fan case (150).
an apparatus and method is described for providing a water impenetrable barrier between an underground duct and an access opening. the apparatus is particularly well suited to cover a secondary opening in a corrugated containment sump of an underground storage tank or the manway of a sanitary sewer, catch basin or other manhole system. the apparatus includes a cover, inflatable seal and a tank of compressed nitrogen to inflate the seal. when sealed to the access opening, the cover restricts the inflow of water or other debris into the interior of the underground duct and nitrogen may be released into the sealed access to reduce corrosion of components contained within the access.
the invention relates to a vascular access device comprising: a catheter adapter; a catheter that extends distally from the catheter adapter; and an antimicrobial coating on the catheter, the antimicrobial coating extending from the catheter adapter towards a distal end of the catheter, the antimicrobial coating having an increased diameter portion adjacent the catheter adapter.
this document provides methods and materials involved in assessing mammals (e.g., humans) for arthritis. for example, methods and materials for assessing a mammal's gut microbial diversity to identify the mammal as having arthritis (e.g., rheumatoid arthritis) are provided. this document also provides methods and materials involved in treating arthritis.
a display system comprising: a remote controller (140) having a gyro sensor configured to sense a movement of the remote controller (140) and the remote controller being operable to transmit a signal corresponding to the sensing result. the system further comprises a television apparatus (100) having a display (130) configured to display an image thereon of a broadcast channel based on processing of a broadcast signal transmitted from a broadcast station, and a controller (160). the controller is configured : to control the display (130) to display thereon a pointing cursor (21, 25, 44, 45, 46, 54, 55, 56) that moves in correspondence with the signal received from the remote controller (140), to receive the signal from the remote controller, to change an image of the cursor displayed in the display showing an operational state to correspond to the signal received from the remote controller (140). the controller is further configured to : then receive a selection input in response to the displayed operational state of the cursor, and then change an image of the cursor displayed in the display showing another operational state so that the changed image informs a user of the selection input received from the remote controller (140).
a full-feature container (10), comprising: a box body (11), provided therein with a switching chamber (111), a charging chamber (112) and a monitoring chamber (113), wherein the switching chamber (111) is located between the monitoring chamber (113) and the charging chamber (112), is connected to the charging chamber (112) by means of an access passage, and is used to replace the battery of a vehicle, and the charging chamber (112) is used to store the battery of the vehicle and charge the battery of the vehicle; a charging stand (13), disposed in the charging chamber (112) and comprising a plurality of positions for accommodating batteries; and a monitoring device (15). the charging chamber (112) has an opening, which is used for communicating with the charging container. the container switching station comprises a full-feature container and a charging container. the full-feature container integrates monitoring, switching and charging into one entity and achieves multi-functionalization and integration of the switching station. also provided is a container switching station.
the present invention relates to a method for reducing carbon dioxide and metal-containing dust and, more specifically, to a method for simultaneously reducing carbon dioxide and metal-containing dust by reacting sulfuric acid, which is produced by passing carbon dioxide or off-gas generating carbon dioxide and metal dust through a sulfation microbial reactor grown using carbon dioxide as a carbon source, with a metal component present in the off-gas to produce a metal sulfate salt (meso4).
the invention relates to a method for protecting the integrity of log data. the log data comprises a sequence of log data elements associated with an operation of a first logic circuit (21). the method (100) comprises receiving (104), at a second logic circuit (30) remote from the first logic circuit (21), a log data element of the sequence of log data elements. based on the log data element and secret information unknown to the first logic circuit (21), a protected log data element (60) is generated at the second logic circuit (30).
the present invention provides an automatic driving system, fault alarm method and device, the system includes a primary monitoring device (50, 70), an auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70), at least one device to be detected and a fault alarm device (60, 80); where the primary monitoring device (50, 70) and the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) are respectively connected to each device to be detected and the fault alarm device (60, 80); the primary monitoring device (50, 70) and the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) are connected, the primary monitoring device (50, 70) and the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) respectively perform a fault detection on the each device to be detected; and if it is detected that any device to be detected is abnormal, the primary monitoring device (50, 70) or the auxiliary monitoring device (50, 70) sends an alarm instruction to the fault alarm device (60, 80), so that the fault alarm device (60, 80) performs an alarm operation according to the alarm instruction. the above system monitors a key device on a vehicle in real time through the monitoring devices, and reminds through the fault alarm device (60, 80) when it is determined that there is an abnormality, thereby reducing an occurrence rate of a safety accident caused by a device fault in the system.
a system for obtaining image content comprises a receiving unit configured to receive video frames generated during the execution of a video game at a video game playing device, a monitoring unit operable to detect at least some of the video frames as corresponding to a loading screen, a content unit configured to obtain pre-generated image content for displaying in place of or addition to the video frames identified as corresponding to loading screens, a control unit configured to receive an input from the monitoring unit, and in response said input, select pre-generated image content for displaying in place of or in addition to the video frames detected as corresponding to a loading screen, and a display unit operable to display the selected pre-generated image content in place of or in addition to the video frames detected as corresponding to a loading screen.
the invention is a method for managing a package (12) of an application in a hardware device (10) comprising a registry (60). the hardware device is intended to comprise first and second separate logical containers (81, 82). the method comprises the following steps:- receiving a load command (30) aiming at loading the package in said second container,- retrieving from said load command a package identifier and looks for a first entry (61) comprising said package identifier in the registry,- creating in the registry a second entry (62) comprising said package identifier, an identifier of the second container and a reference,- only if the first entry has been found, the reference is set to a shared executable code (70) already referenced by the first entry, else the hardware device stores a shared executable code belonging to said package and sets the reference to said shared executable code.
device for measuring the gelatinization point of an adhesive containing starch characterized in that it comprises:- a container for measuring the gelatinization temperature, comprising at least one adhesive inlet to said container, and at least one adhesive outlet from the bottom of said container- a motor-driven agitator- controlled means for heating said container- at least one temperature sensor for measuring the adhesive temperature in said container- a sensor system for detecting the adhesive output, and- a monitoring system that receives the signals from said temperature sensor and from said sensor system for detecting the adhesive output.
a circuit to protect a usb connector from corrosion on its cc pins includes a first node coupled to a first power source or a first pull-down resistor, a second node coupled to the cc pins and a second power source, and a second pull-down resister coupled to the second node. a detection circuit compares the voltage at the first node with a first reference voltage. the detection circuit also compares the voltage at the second node with second and third reference voltages. a control logic circuit generates a corrosion detection signal in response to the voltage at the second node being less than the third reference voltage and greater than the second reference voltage when the voltage at the first node is greater than the first reference voltage.
a container (1;20;30) made of plastic material for packaging products, in particular food products, is described, the container comprising a bottom (2), side walls (3) and a peripheral edge (5) extending substantially along the entire perimeter of the container (1;20;30), the container (1;20;30) being characterized in that said peripheral edge (5) has a cavity (7) having a substantially perimetral extension and open upwards, said cavity (7) being filled with an adhesive layer (8). a packaging (40) comprising a container as described above and a closure lid (41) sealingly applied onto the peripheral edge (5) by means of heat sealing are also described. methods for the production of the aforementioned container (1;20;30) and the aforementioned package (40) are also described.
disclosed is a system, method, and computer program product for conducting secure transactions with at least two appliances. the method includes monitoring audio data with a first appliance including a processor, a speaker, and a microphone; detecting, with the first appliance, an audible request to initiate a transaction from a user from the audio data; communicating, with the first appliance, a transaction request to at least one remote server in response to detecting the audible request to initiate the transaction; detecting, with the first appliance, a credential message received by the first appliance directly from a second appliance via an audio transmission, the credential message corresponding to the transaction request and including a limited use key provided to the second appliance from the at least one remote server or another remote server; and in response to detecting the credential message, initiating, with the first appliance, the transaction based on the limited use key.
a process for producing acetic acid comprises a process comprising: (1) carbonylating methanol; (2) separating the reaction mixture into a volatile phase and a less-volatile phase; (3) distilling the volatile phase to form a first overhead rich in a lower boiling component, and an acetic acid stream rich in acetic acid; and at least one step group selected from the group consisting of the following sections (4), (9), and (15): (4) a section for separating impurities from the acetic acid stream to give purified acetic acid, (9) a section for separating the first overhead into a stream rich in acetaldehyde and a stream rich in methyl iodide, and (15) a section for absorption-treating an off-gas from the process with an absorption solvent and forming a carbon monoxide-rich stream and an acetic acid-rich stream. in this process, the concentration of oxygen in a gaseous phase of the process is controlled to less than 7% by volume and/or the concentration of oxygen in a liquid phase of the process is controlled to less than 7 ã— 10-5 g/g, and the formation of iodine is reduced. the process effectively reduces or prevents local corrosion of an inner wall of a process unit and/or line.
in a method for tracking an object in video-monitoring scenes, multiple feature vectors are extracted (722) and assembled (724) in point clouds, wherein a point cloud may be assembled for each tracklet, i.e. for each separate part of a track. in order to determine if different tracklets relate to the same or different objects the point clouds of each tracklet is compared (734). based on the outcome of the comparison it is deduced if the first object and the second object may be considered to be the same object and, if so, the first object is associated (738) with the second object.
provided is high-mn steel excellent in excellent in corrosion resistance, in particular corrosion resistance in a salinity corrosive environment, the high-mn steel including a chemical composition containing c: 0.20 % or more and 0.70 % or less, si: 0.05 % or more and 1.00 % or less, mn: 15.0 % or more and 35.0 % or less, p: 0.030 % or less, s: 0.0200 % or less, al: 0.010 % or more and 0.100 % or less, cr: 0.5 % or more and 8.0 % or less, and n: 0.0010 % or more and 0.0300 % or less, with the balance being fe and inevitable impurities, in which at least 60 % of the contained cr is solute cr.
the present application relates to an optical laminate. the present application can provide an optical laminate that stable durability is secured even at a high temperature, particularly an ultrahigh temperature of about 100â°c or higher, a foaming phenomenon or the like in a pressure-sensitive adhesive layer is also suppressed or prevented, other physical properties required for the optical laminate are also excellent, and even in the case of being disposed adjacent to the electrode, corrosion of the relevant electrode or the like is not induced.
the invention relates to a composition for the decontamination and inoculation of surfaces, said composition comprising an antimicrobial agent and a mixture of stabilized bacteria. said composition can be used for inoculating said surfaces for the purpose of purifying said surfaces of unwanted, harmful or pathogenic micro-organisms.
the present invention relates to a cardio-pulmonary health monitoring apparatus (7000) comprising: at least one sensor (7010) adapted to generate data related to the cardio-pulmonary health of a patient; a display (7015); and a controller (7001), coupled to the at least one sensor, the controller being configured to analyse the sensor data (7210) during one or more monitoring sessions; trigger generation on the display of at least one query based on the analysis, the query being configured to prompt the patient for a response; and trigger generation of a clinical alert (7230) based on a patient response to the query that is input to the controller.
an adaptable vehicle monitoring system is disclosed. the system includes a core platform having a state monitoring subsystem and a feedback subsystem. the core platform interconnects a perception subsystem, a knowledge acquisition subsystem, and a user interface. the perception subsystem is configured to acquire current vehicle state data from instruments of a vehicle. the knowledge acquisition subsystem includes a context awareness subsystem configured to determine a current vehicle context. the state monitoring subsystem is configured to derive a current vehicle state based at least in part on the vehicle state data and vehicle context. the knowledge acquisition subsystem further includes a database subsystem configured to store the current vehicle state data, current vehicle context, and current vehicle state. the trend monitoring subsystem is configured to analyze the one or more stored vehicle state data, stored vehicle contexts, and stored vehicle states to identify one or more trends. the feedback subsystem is configured to prepare operator and deliver operator feedback via the user interface based at least in part on a comparison between the current vehicle state and/or current trend and an expected vehicle state and/or previously identified trends.
the need for a bottom dispensing package (1) comprising a base (20) having an orifice (30) comprising a slit-valve (40), which is less prone to leakage, even when a lower viscosity product is comprised in the container, is met by providing the container with a more elastic resiliently squeezable container.
the present invention relates to the field of post-harvest treatment of crop, more particularly, the invention relates to compositions and methods for extending shelf life of harvested crop. the invention concerns use of cysteine and optionally, algae, antioxidants, antimicrobial agents and preservatives as the active ingredients capable of extending the shelf life of agriculture produce.
a non-naturally occurring microbial organism includes a microbial organism having a 1,3-butanediol (1,3-bdo) pathway having at least one exogenous nucleic acid encoding a 1,3-bdo pathway enzyme expressed in a sufficient amount to produce 1,3-bdo. the pathway includes an enzyme selected from a 2-amino-4-ketopentanoate (akp) thiolase, an akp dehydrogenase, a 2-amino-4-hydroxypentanoate aminotransferase, a 2-amino-4-hydroxypentanoate oxidoreductase (deaminating), a 2-oxo-4-hydroxypentanoate decarboxylase, a 3-hydroxybutyraldehyde reductase, an akp aminotransferase, an akp oxidoreductase (deaminating), a 2,4-dioxopentanoate decarboxylase, a 3-oxobutyraldehyde reductase (ketone reducing), a 3-oxobutyraldehyde reductase (aldehyde reducing), a 4-hydroxy-2-butanone reductase, an akp decarboxylase, a 4-aminobutan-2-one aminotransferase, a 4-aminobutan-2- one oxidoreductase (deaminating), a 4-aminobutan-2-one ammonia-lyase, a butenone hydratase, an akp ammonia-lyase, an acetylacrylate decarboxylase, an acetoacetyl-coa reductase (coa-dependent, aldehyde forming), an acetoacetyl-coa reductase (coa-dependent, alcohol forming), an acetoacetyl-coa reductase (ketone reducing), a 3-hydroxybutyryl-coa reductase (aldehyde forming), a 3-hydroxybutyryl-coa reductase (alcohol forming), a 4-hydroxybutyryl- coa dehydratase, and a crotonase. a method for producing 1,3-bdo, includes culturing such microbial organisms under conditions and for a sufficient period of time to produce 1,3-bdo.
the invention provides a method for determining the amount of various materials in a liquid sample positioned in an apparatus (100). because the apparatus is particularly resilient it can be used repeatedly with very harsh liquid samples such as boot water from an oil refinery. the apparatus is used in a method of reducing corrosion involving determining at least one of: the ph, amount of chloride, and/or amount of iron in the sample. the optical property can be colorimetric, fluorescent or both and result from adding dyes, complexing agents, turbidity inducing compounds, and other optically effecting reagents to the sample. because the measurements are concentration and volume independent they can be done continuously, quickly, and avoid the inconvenient start and stop procedures in prior art measurement regimens. the method further includes using a bdd cell to oxidize materials (such as sulfoxy compounds) that would otherwise interfere with the optical analysis and/or to sparge the sample with gas.
devices, systems and methods for communications that include social media clients are provided. in particular, a server operates a virtual client for communicating with clients of a social media server. the server receives a call request associated with a directory number of a call server, the call request to initiate a call associated with the directory number and a given client of the social media server. the server conducts the call by controlling: the virtual client to communicate with the given client, via the social media server; and the virtual client to communicate with a communication device associated with the directory number, via the call server. the server may also facilitate exchange of status updates between a given client of the social media server and the call server. the server may also facilitate calls between respective clients of different social media servers.
the invention relates to traceable metallic products, methods of uses and methods of making same. the metallic products may be made traceable for integrity purposes, identification purposes, counterfeit avoidance and the like. the invention also relates to metallic supports for nanostorage of various compounds and samples.
a power device includes one or more electrical components, the electrical components including one or more physical attribute. the power device includes one or more sensors configured to monitor the attribute(s). the power device includes a non-transitory computer-readable storage medium including one or more alerting rule. the power device includes one or more processors configured for retrieving the one or more alerting rule from the storage medium. the processors are configured for monitoring one or more sensor value from the sensor(s), wherein the sensor values are associated with the attribute(s). the processors are configured for evaluating the at least one alerting rule during the monitoring, and when the one or more alerting rule results in a pending failure condition, sending a notification to a user.
a method for adjusting image quality and a terminal and a relay server for performing same are provided. a terminal for connecting to a conference via a network according to one embodiment of the present invention comprises: an image acquisition unit configured to acquire each participant image received from a plurality of other terminals connected to the conference; a network monitoring unit configured to monitor performance of the network; an image analyzer configured to analyze the each participant image to acquire one or more of image information, speech information, and quality information of the each participant image when the performance of the network changes; and a quality controller configured to change the quality of at least some of the participant images according to the analysis result of the each participant image.
a corrosion resistance tester for a coated metal material including a surface treatment film on a metal substrate includes: a container placed on the surface treatment film, and having a bottom surface in contact with the surface treatment film, the container including a plurality of water-containing electrolyte material holders that open through the bottom surface; the water-containing electrolyte material contained in each of the water-containing electrolyte material holders of the container, and being in contact with an associated one of a plurality of separate measurement target portions of the surface treatment film; a plurality of electrodes being each in contact with the water-containing electrolyte material contained in an associated one of the water-containing electrolyte material holders; an external circuit connecting the electrodes together; and a conduction means configured to conduct electricity to the metal substrate through the electrodes and the external circuit.
the present application discloses a simple process for the purification of neutral human milk oligosaccharides (hmos) produced by microbial fermentation. the process uses a combination of a cationic ion exchanger treatment, an anionic ion exchanger treatment, and a nanofiltration and/or electrodialysis step, which allows efficient purification of large quantities of neutral hmos at high purity. contrary to the purification currently used in fermentative production of neutral hmos, the presented process allows the provision of hmos without the need of a chromatographic separation. the so purified hmos may be obtained in solid form by spray drying, as crystalline material or as sterile filtered concentrate. the provided hmos are free of proteins and recombinant material originating from the used recombinant microbial strains and thus very well-suited for use in food, medical food and feed (e.g. pet food) applications.
systems and methods for using augmented reality to control a connected home system are provided. some methods can include receiving a video data stream from an lot video device monitoring a region in which an lot automation device is located within a field of view of the lot video device, displaying the video data stream on a user interface device, overlaying a controlling graphic on top of a depiction of the lot automation device in the video data stream displayed on the user interface device, receiving first user input identifying the controlling graphic via the video data stream displayed on the user interface device, and responsive to the first user input, initiating a change of state of the lot automation device in the region.
the present application provides an evacuation controller, an evacuation control system 100, and a mobile communication terminal 120. the evacuation controller according to the present application includes: a local control unit 130 capable of storing or acquiring evacuation path information to or from a cloud 110 via a mobile communication terminal 120, wherein the evacuation path information is configured at least based on a layout of a building and a location of a danger occurred in the building. according to the evacuation controller and the evacuation control system 100 of the present application, exchange of evacuation path information between the local control unit 130 and a remote provider service system is realized through exchange between the mobile communication terminal 120 and the cloud 110; or by configuring evacuation path information directly in the local control unit 130, the local control unit 130 can clearly and timely learn about the local evacuation path information and can evacuate people based on the local evacuation path information, realizing efficient configuration and application of the evacuation path information.
methods, systems, and computer readable media are disclosed for monitoring photovoltaic solar systems. in some examples, the system includes a solar power measurement input for coupling to a solar panel system, a measurement circuit configured to measure power produced by the solar panel system using the solar power measurement input, and a data transmission system. the measurement circuit is configured, by virtue of the measurement circuit including electrical components rated to at least a certain tolerance level, to take revenue-grade power measurements from the solar power measurement input with a level of accuracy that meets a national or international metering standard. the data transmission system is configured to transmit the revenue-grade power measurements from the measurement circuit to a remote system.
a railroad train includes an integrity monitoring system with a three-axis inertial measurement unit. incremental rotation values are measured along three reference axes during a plurality of measurement periods using the three-axis inertial measurement unit. a quaternion including first, second and third numerical values representative, respectively, of the measured incremental rotation values along the three reference axes is calculated for each measurement period. an anomalous variation of at least one of the first, second or third numerical values of the calculated quaternion is detected, said anomalous variation being representative of a train break-up condition.
an imaging system that includes a camera mounted on an aerial platform, for example a balloon, allows a user to increase the longevity of the camera's battery by remote control. a user may capture imagery at a time scale of interest and desired power consumption by adjusting parameters for image capture by the camera. a user may adjust a time to capture an image, a time to capture a video, or a number of cycles per time period to capture one or more images as the aerial platform moves in a region of interest to change power consumption for imagining. the system also provides imagining alignment to account for unwanted movement of the aerial platform when moved in the region of interest. additionally, a mounting device is provided that is simple and inexpensive, and that allows a camera to remain positioned in a desired position relative to the ground.
lithographic patterning method for creating features on a surface of a substrate, including the steps of: applying a resist material to the surface; performing resist processing steps, including at least: selectively exposing the resist material layer to a surface treatment step, wherein the resist material in the exposed locations is chemically modified; and developing the resist material layer to selectively remove the resist material locally. the method further comprises detecting, during or after the resist processing steps, a chemical modification of the resist material for monitoring or evaluating the processing steps. the step of detecting is performed by scanning the surface using a scanning probe microscopy device, and wherein the scanning includes contacting the surface with the probe tip in a probing area. the probing area coincides with at least one location of the exposed locations and non-exposed locations, for detecting the chemical modification. the document further describes a system.
the invention is intended to provide a martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods having high strength, and excellent sulfide stress corrosion cracking resistance. a method for manufacturing such a martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe is also provided. the martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods has a yield stress of 758 mpa or more, and a composition that contains, in mass%, c: 0.0010 to 0.0094%, si: 0.5% or less, mn: 0.05 to 0.5%, p: 0.030% or less, s: 0.005% or less, ni: 4.6 to 7.3%, cr: 10.0 to 14.5%, mo: 1.0 to 2.7%, al : 0.1% or less, v: 0.2% or less, n: 0.1% or less, ti: 0.01 to 0.50%, cu: 0.01 to 1.0%, and co: 0.01 to 1.0%, in which c, mn, cr, cu, ni, mo, w, nb, n, and ti satisfy the predetermined relations, and the balance is fe and incidental impurities.
the invention is intended to provide a martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods having a yield stress of 758 mpa (110 ksi) or more, and excellent sulfide stress corrosion cracking resistance. a method for manufacturing such a martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe is also provided. the martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods having a yield stress of 758 mpa or more has a composition that contains, in mass%, c: 0.010% or more, si: 0.5% or less, mn: 0.05 to 0.24%, p: 0.030% or less, s: 0.005% or less, ni: 4.6 to 8.0%, cr: 10.0 to 14.0%, mo: 1.0 to 2.7%, al: 0.1% or less, v: 0.005 to 0.2%, n: 0.1% or less, ti: 0.06 to 0.25%, cu: 0.01 to 1.0%, and co: 0.01 to 1.0%, in which c, mn, cr, cu, ni, mo, w, nb, n, and ti satisfy the predetermined relations, and the balance is fe and incidental impurities.
the present invention provides a biomass gasification device that optimizes the pyrolysis temperature of biomass, the reforming temperature of pyrolysis gas, and the atmosphere thereof to generate a reformed gas containing a large amount of valuable gas, that can prevent clogging and corrosion of piping caused by diphosphorus pentoxide and potassium in ash, and suppress the generation of n2o, and that can also reduce the occurrence of tar and soot. the present invention related to a biomass gasification device that is provided with a biomass pyrolyzer, a pyrolysis gas reformer, and a pyrolysis gas introduction pipe, wherein: the biomass pyrolyzer is further provided with a heat carrier inlet and outlet ports, and performs pyrolysis on the biomass by heat of the heat carrier; the pyrolysis gas reformer performs steam-reforming on pyrolysis gas generated by the pyrolysis of biomass; the pyrolysis gas reformer is further provided with an air or oxygen blow-in port; and the pyrolysis gas introduction pipe is provided on the biomass pyrolyzer-side surface below the upper surface of the heat carrier layer formed in the biomass pyrolyzer.
the invention is intended to provide a martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods having high strength, and excellent sulfide stress corrosion cracking resistance. a method for manufacturing such a martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe is also provided. the martensitic stainless steel seamless pipe for oil country tubular goods has a yield stress of 655 to 758 mpa, and has a composition containing, in mass%, c: 0.10% or less, si: 0.5% or less, mn: 0.05 to 2.0%, p: 0.030% or less, s: 0.005% or less, ni: 4.0 to 8.0%, cu: 0.02% or more and less than 1.0%, cr: 10.0 to 14.0%, mo: 1.0 to 3.5%, v: 0.003 to 0.2%, co: 0.02% or more and less than 1.0%, al: 0.1% or less, n: 0.1% or less, ti : 0.50% or less, and the balance fe and incidental impurities, wherein c, mn, cr, cu, co, ni, mo, w, nb, n, and ti satisfy the predetermined relations.
the present invention discloses a super-long thermal insulation steel jacket pipe and the machining process thereof. the pipe has relatively good thermal insulation performance and corrosion resistance. because an annular cavity (3) of the pipe is in a vacuum state, the pipe is internally provided with a support frame (5, 6) and filled with a phase change material. when the pipe is used for underground energy exploitation, temperature in a working steel pipe (1) in the pipe can be effectively kept unaffected when external temperature decreases. the steel jacket pipe in the present invention has long service life, and can greatly reduce costs of exploitation of petroleum and an underground heat source and reduce a heat loss in exploitation.
a system and method for detecting and compensating for temperature effects in a device having a power supply and a remote node. the system includes a power supply unit having an adjustable voltage output and a feedback circuit. the voltage output is adjusted based on the output of the feedback circuit. a power path is coupled to the power supply unit. the power path has power connectors to supply voltage from the power supply unit to a remote node. the remote node is operable to sense a voltage drop of the power path at the remote node associated with temperature effects on the power connectors. an adjustable resistor has an output coupled to the feedback circuit. a controller is coupled to the remote node and the adjustable resistor. the controller determines a resistance value to compensate for the temperature effects and sets the adjustable resistor to change the power output.
multifluid dispensing system comprising a receptacle of container in container type and an atomizer. within the receptacle, between at least two of the component-units is provided a connecting-system that includes at least some of: at least one residual interface; at least one permanent-joint of adhesive or weld type; at least one reinforcing functional-form. the connecting-system preferably extends on the entire height of the receptacle. the parts of the connecting-system are preferably, at least partially, superimposed and contained within an operational-section. additionally, within the receptacle is provided a partitioning-system that consists of at least one mobile-sector which develops via delamination from an internal component-unit. within the receptacle is equally provided a compression-system that consists of at least one mobile-sector which also develops via delamination from an internal component-unit. the atomizer is made entirely of plastic, is of multifluid type, and comprises a return-spring having two curved arms, and a precompression valve-system.
provided are a method, an apparatus, and a kit for detecting a neuroblastoma in a subject and/or for monitoring a therapeutic effect on the neuroblastoma, by measuring a urinary tumor marker(s) in a sample from the subject.
a ridable mower machine includes: a mower (7); a grass collecting container (9) configured to collect cut grass from the mower; a linkage mechanism (10) that includes a plurality of linkage members (21, 22), and supports the grass collecting container such that the grass collecting container can be lifted and lowered, and opened and closed; a hydraulic actuator configured to drive the grass collecting container; a hydraulic hose that is provided along a linkage member and is connected to the hydraulic actuator; and a cover (3)1 that covers a portion that extends along the linkage member, of the hydraulic hose.
a system and method is provided for monitoring a hydraulic power system having at least one light emitter and a button. the method includes powering on the hydraulic power system, receiving an actuation at the button and detecting a release of the button after a first time interval, and entering a diagnostic state. the method further includes retrieving a code and displaying the code by turning on the emitter in a first pattern. in some embodiments, a system and method is provided for regulating a temperature of a hydraulic power system. in some embodiments, a system and method is provided for controlling operation of a hydraulic torque wrench.
a food container system may include a food container and a removable insert. the food container may include a container body defining a container cavity and a container lid adapted to couple with the container body. the removable insert may be configured to receive a food item and may include an insert body defining an insert cavity and an insert cap adapted to couple with the insert body. the removable insert may be sized and shaped to be received within the container cavity such that the container lid may be coupled to the container body when the removable insert is positioned within the container cavity. the food container may be configured to maintain a temperature of a food item positioned therein. the removable insert may comprise materials that may be microwaved or otherwise reheated such that the food item may be reheated within the removable insert.
a method and a system for manufacturing ceramic tiles, comprising the steps of: depositing a soft layer (115) of ceramic powder on a support element (105), pressing said soft layer (115) against said support element (105), thus creating an unfired tile (125) of compacted ceramic powder, and firing the unfired tile (125) inside a ceramic furnace (150), wherein said method also comprises a process of monitoring the integrity of the unfired tile, which includes the steps of: applying, on at least one portion (p) of the unfired tile (125), a contrast liquid suitable for modifying the colour of said portion (p) of the unfired tile (125), acquiring at least one image of said portion (p) of the unfired tile (125) after the application of the contrast liquid and before the firing step, and detecting if said image comprises at least one line (z) of contrasting colour with respect to the colour taken on by said portion (p) of the unfired tile (125) following the application of the contrast liquid.
a method for remotely controlling at least one autonomous vehicle is provided. the method includes steps of: an autonomous driving control device, (a) on condition that the autonomous driving control device detects driving environment by referring to sensor information and allows the autonomous vehicle to travel on an autonomous driving mode or a manual driving mode, determining whether the autonomous driving control device fails to establish a driving plan by using the driving environment and whether the autonomous driving control device fails to change to the manual driving mode by using the driving environment; and (b) if the autonomous driving control device fails to establish the driving plan or fails to change to the manual driving mode, selecting a remote control mode and transmitting request information to a remote control service providing server, to allow a remote driver to control the autonomous vehicle by using a specific remote vehicle.
the invention regards a method for monitoring and controlling an industrial process (3) which change condition over time. according to the method the following steps are performed:- add at least one remote sensor (4) to an element (5) which is part of, or affected by the industrial process (3);- collect sensor data and transmit the collected sensor data wirelessly or by wire to an intermediate data storage and data processing unit (2) hereinafter named gateway (2);- transmit processed data from the gateway (2) to a remote data storage (6) by way of a cellular device (7) and,- access the remote data storage from a location (8) and process the transmitted data further to gain knowledge of at least one condition of the industrial process (3) and,- that the cellular device (7) is accessed from the location (8) or from the remote data storage, and that instructions are routed to the gateway (2) and, that- based on the instructions, control signals (9) are produced at the gateway and routed from the gateway (2) to a control device (10) which is connected to the industrial process, and that- the control device (10) based on the control signal (9) serves a condition changing signal at the industrial process (3).
methods (300) and systems for monitoring component integrity during operation of an engine (100) include obtaining, at an engine controller (210), usage data associated with a period of operation of the engine (100). the engine controller (210) has assigned thereto a first trust level. a first indication of the usage data is transmitted from the engine controller (210) to a first presentation device (224) forming part of a first communication path (220), which has assigned thereto a second trust level lower than the first trust level. a second indication of the usage data is transmitted from the engine controller (210) to a second presentation device (234) forming part of a second communication path (230), which is independent from the first communication path (220) and has assigned thereto the second trust level. the trust level of the first and second communication paths (220, 230) is elevated by having the usage data transmitted through the first and second independent communication paths (220, 230).
a super concentrate additive solution is disclosed herein. a super concentrate additive solution can be added into a heat transfer fluid to improve corrosion protection performance and to extend the service life of a heat transfer system or the fluids therein. a method includes adding a super concentrate additive solution to a heat transfer fluid to form a super additive heat transfer fluid and adding the mixture to a heat transfer system. a super concentrate additive solution can also be used in flexible production of a high corrosion protection performance heat transfer fluid concentrate, pre-diluted heat transfer fluids, or ready-for-use heat transfer fluids.
generally, methods of analyte monitoring management, and articles of manufacturing related thereto, are provided. the methods include receiving analyte measurement data and analyzing the analyte measurement data for health related parameters. recommendations are determined for creating or modifying a treatment program based on the analysis, and provided within a user-interface that enables a user to create or modify the treatment program. further, generally, methods of for managing analyte measurement data, and articles of manufacturing related thereto, are provided. the methods include receiving analyte measurement data that represent data collected over a time period, and analyzing the analyte measurement data for analyte episodes within that time period. threshold based episodes and/or rate-of-change based episodes may be determined.
disclosed is a method for transporting frozen products. the method employs a sleeve (1) comprising an outer layer (2) of thermally insulating material; an inner layer (3) comprising a phase change material with a melting temperature below -5 â°c; and a fastener system (4). the sleeve is flexible sufficient to convert between an enveloping configuration wherein the fastener system (4) is engaged to hold the sleeve (1) around the frozen products (20) to be enveloped with the inner layer (3) facing the frozen products (20); and a charging configuration wherein the fastener system (4) is disengaged and the sleeve (1) is unfurled. the method comprises the steps of: arranging the sleeve (1) in the charging configuration; placing the inner layer (3) in contact with a cooled flat surface (12) for sufficient time to solidify the phase change material; removing the sleeve (1) from contact with the flat surface (12); converting the sleeve (1) to the enveloping configuration around the frozen products (20); and then transporting the enveloped frozen products (2) to a remote location.
disclosed are systems and methods for controlling access to a cyber-physical system (cps). a security tool can perform access authorization by analyzing messages sent through the cps, creating a plurality of fictitious messages, sending the plurality of fictitious messages though the cps, and checking whether correct authorization data is included in the analyzed messages to determine authorized or unauthorized access to the cps. an access monitoring tool can detect a change in a functional cps module related to unauthorized access to the cps, and responsive to the detection of a change in a functional cps module related to unauthorized access to the cps, change a state of a functional cps module using a monitoring rule.
an apparatus for remote at-home care of a patient is disclosed. the apparatus monitors a patient with a deployable sensor system and communicates the data sensed by the sensor system to a patient care hub located within a patient's home. a patient interface and a caregiver controller are in wireless communication with each other and the patient care hub. the patient care hub generates an alert(s) in view of the sensed data and wirelessly communicates the alert(s) to the patient interface and/or the caregiver controller.
an image processing apparatus (403, 501) comprises: obtaining means (601) configured to obtain a plurality of image signals being composed of image signals shot under different shooting conditions; determination means (604) configured to determine a composition rate in order to composite an image signal that has the predetermined shooting condition with a noise-reduced image that has the predetermined shooting condition, in accordance with an inter-frame change amount and a parameter indicating the predetermined shooting condition; noise reduction means (605) configured to composite the image signal with the noise-reduced image using the composition rate to generate a new noise-reduced image; and composition means (605) configured to composite the new noise-reduced image and an image signal that has another shooting condition.
systems and methods for monitoring operation of a sump pump 4 are provided. a method includes connecting a power adapter 34 to the sump pump and a float-switch 6. the power adapter includes a printed circuit board (pcb) positioned within a housing 36, a power supply in electrical communication with components coupled to the pcb, and an integrated chip 52 coupled to the pcb. the integrated chip is configured to establish a wireless connection to a first wireless network, and transmit a message to a remote server over the first wireless network. the method further includes causing an internet enabled device 58 to send one or more instructions that causes the power adapter to connect to the first wireless network, and receiving, using the internet enabled device, a message from the remote server.
methods and systems are provided for detecting patient motion during a diagnostic scan. in one example, a method for a medical imaging system includes obtaining output from one or more patient monitoring devices configured to monitor a patient before and during a diagnostic scan executed with the medical imaging system, receiving a request to initiate the diagnostic scan, tracking patient motion based on the output from the one or more patient monitoring devices, and initiating the diagnostic scan responsive to patient motion being below a threshold level.
a detection system (200) configured to detect water in a fan case (150) includes a heater (202), a monitoring camera (204), and a computing device (206). the heater (202) is configured to apply heat to the fan case (150). any water within the fan case (150) generates a local transient thermal gradient in response to the applied heat. the monitoring camera (204) is positioned proximate the fan case (150) and configured to acquire a plurality of images (600) of the heated fan case (150). the computing device (206) is configured to: receive the plurality of images (600) from the monitoring camera (204) and analyze the plurality of images (600) to detect the water in the fan case (150).
the present disclosure relates to a package 1 for consumer goods. the package 1 comprises a container 3, a lid 5, and a security ring 7. the container 3 comprises a bottom wall 9 and a side wall 11, which extends from the bottom wall 9, thereby forming a bottom cavity 13. the lid 5 comprises a top wall 19 and a side wall 21, which extends downward from the top wall 19. the security ring 7 is attached to both the container 3 and the lid 5, extending along the perimeter of the container 3 and about the perimeter of the lid 5, when the package 1 is unbroken. the security ring 7 is formed integrally with the container 3. the disclosure also relates to a method for filling and sealing a package 1.
disclosed is a method of detecting mixed mode corrosion of a turbine airfoil. the method includes heat treating the turbine airfoil at a temperature of 1600 to 2100â°f in a ni/co oxide reducing atmosphere; and scanning the heat treated turbine airfoil with a magnetometer to determine the presence of mixed mode corrosion, wherein the turbine airfoil comprises a nickel superalloy and has internal passages.
the invention relates to methods of capturing carbon by microbial fermentation of a gaseous substrate comprising co. the methods of the invention include converting co to one or more products including alcohols and/or acids and optionally capturing c02 to improve overall carbon capture. in certain aspects, the invention relates to processes for producing alcohols, particularly ethanol, from industrial waste streams, particularly steel mill off-gas.
the present invention provides a water-based coating system that can be used to form durable, abrasion resistant, corrosion resistant, protective barriers on a wide range of substrates. the coating system is particularly effective for protecting metal-containing substrates, such as intermodal cargo containers, against corrosion. as an overview, the present invention provides water-based primer compositions suitable to form primer coats and topcoats on substrates. desirably, the primer incorporates one or more chlorinated resins for excellent corrosion protection. these polymers not only provide excellent corrosion protection and but also show excellent adhesion to a wide range of substrate materials. the system also includes topcoat compositions enhance compatibility and adhesion to the primer and to provide enhanced application.
a photopheresis system (200) is disclosed, and that may be configured to execute one or more protocols for collecting buffy coat from blood processed by the photopheresis system (200). the photopheresis system (200) includes a centrifuge (210) which rotates to separate blood into a plasma layer (322), a buffy coat layer (320), and a red blood cell layer (318). a location of an interface between said buffy coat layer and said red blood cell layer is monitored in a first monitoring step. an existence of a first condition and a second condition is monitored in a second monitoring step. fluid including buffy coat from the buffy coat layer (320) is directed out of a port (222) of the centrifuge (210) and into a first container (270, 280) in response to an identification of the existence of the first condition or the second condition.
tissue matrices having anti-microbial properties are provided. in certain embodiments, the tissue matrices include cationic anti-microbial agents that form a stable bond with the tissue matrices without adversely affecting the biologic properties of the tissue matrices.
the air-conditioning apparatus of the present disclosure includes a refrigerant circuit in which a compressor, a flow passage switching device, an outdoor heat exchanger, an indoor heat exchanger, a refrigerant container, a first expansion device and a second expansion device connected by pipes; the compressor compressing and discharging sucked refrigerant, the flow passage switching device switching a flow passage to a cooling flow passage during cooling operation and to a heating flow passage during heating operation, the outdoor heat exchanger being located outside of a room and causing heat exchange to be performed with refrigerant, the indoor heat exchanger being located inside of a room and causing heat exchange to be performed between air in an air-conditioned space and the refrigerant, the refrigerant container storing excessive refrigerant, the first expansion device depressurizing the refrigerant between the outdoor heat exchanger and the refrigerant container, and the second expansion device depressurizing the refrigerant between the indoor heat exchanger and the refrigerant container, wherein the indoor heat exchanger and the outdoor heat exchanger have inner volumes satisfying a relationship of an inner volume of the indoor heat exchanger < an inner volume of the outdoor heat exchanger, and the air-conditioning apparatus further comprises a controller which, when performing the cooling operation, performs control so as to allow the flow passage switching device to switch the flow passage to the heating flow passage and allow an opening degree of the second expansion device to be larger than an opening degree of the first expansion device, and starts the compressor, and when a judgment is made that a set time that is set in advance, has elapsed from the start of the compressor, performs control so as to allow the opening degree of the first expansion device and the opening degree of the second expansion device to be initial opening degrees for the cooling operation.
an object of the present invention is to provide an antimicrobial composition that exhibits significantly high antimicrobial activity while having a high level of safety for the human body. in order to achieve the object, the present invention provides an antimicrobial composition containing: a component (a) that is at least one selected from the group consisting of 1,2-alkanediols having an alkyl group having 6 to 8 carbons and monoalkyl glyceryl ethers having an alkyl group having 6 to 8 carbons; and a component (b) that is at least one selected from the group consisting of tripropylene glycol, 2-methyl-1,3-propanediol, and 3-methyl-1,3-butanediol. the present invention also provides a cosmetic containing the antimicrobial composition.
a main object of the present disclosure is to provide a drug storage container enabling simple and reliable preparation of a mixed solution containing a drug and an auxiliary agent, a closing member that is for use in the drug storage container and configured to detachably retain a solid preparation containing a drug or an auxiliary agent, a method for manufacture of the drug storage container, a microbial contaminant test method using the drug storage container, and a solid preparation for preparing a buffer solution.
an object of the present invention is to provide a surface treatment agent capable of forming a surface-treated coating having excellent corrosion resistance and adhesiveness on/over the surface of an aluminum alloy material for forming cans. the object is achieved by the surface treatment agent to be used for surface treatment of an aluminum alloy material for forming cans, which includes zirconium, aluminum, a nitrate radical, and fluorine, whereinthe ph ranges from 2.0 to 4.0,the molar mass concentration of the zirconium ranges from 3.2 mmol/kg to 33.0 mmol/kg,the molar mass concentration of the aluminum ranges from 14.8 mmol/kg to 74.1 mmol/kg,the molar mass concentration of the nitrate radical ranges from 16.1 mmol/kg to 161.4 mmol/kg,the molar mass concentration of the fluorine ranges from 52.6 mmol/kg to 526.3 mmol/kg,(f-6zr)/alâ‰¥2.5 (wherein, f represents the molar mass concentration of the fluorine, zr represents the molar mass concentration of the zirconium, and al represents the molar mass concentration of the aluminum.) is satisfied, and substantially no phosphorus compound is contained.
this application discloses an information exchange method and apparatus. in the method, a terminal device transmits attach request information to a core network device, receives attach accept information of the core network device, where the attach accept information includes a first integrity check code; the terminal device obtains a second integrity check code based on the attach accept information; and the terminal device obtains, if the first integrity check code is the same as the second integrity check code, a third integrity check code based on encrypted attach complete information, and transmits encrypted attach complete information to which the third integrity check code is added to the core network device. according to the solutions disclosed in the embodiments of this application, only the attach request information, the attach accept information, and the attach complete information need to be transmitted between the terminal device and the core network device. this reduces data exchange procedures, reduces an amount of data of exchanged information, reduces a time consumed in an information exchange process performed between the terminal device and the core network device, and can reduce overheads of power consumption of the terminal device.
a method of operating an analytical laboratory (1), comprising the steps of:a) receiving and identifying a plurality of biological samples held in sample containers (30) and sorting the plurality of sample containers (30) into a sample rack (40) by a pre-analytical laboratory instrument (10pre) of the analytical laboratory (1);b) retrieving an order list a from a storage unit (22), the order list a comprising a plurality of test orders corresponding to the sample containers (30) within the respective sample rack (40); each test order defining at least one processing step to be carried out on the biological sample held in the respective sample container (30);c) determining an optimal transportation route by the control unit (20) for the sample rack (40) based on the order list a, a set of constraints and an objective function, the transportation route being indicative of a list and/or sequence of laboratory instrument(s) (10) required to complete one or more of the test orders of the order list a;d) re-determining the optimal transportation route by the control unit (20) upon a change of one or more of the set of constraints and/or a change of the objective function;e) transporting the sample rack (40) to one or more of the plurality of laboratory instruments (10) according to the optimal transportation route by the sample transportation system (50);f) processing the biological samples according to the corresponding test orders by the target laboratory instrument(s) (10).
the present invention relates to a method for producing microbial lipids.
a container assembly is disclosed including an outer container, a hollow inner member, and a closure. the outer container has a closed bottom, an open top, and a sidewall extending therebetween. the hollow inner member is disposed within the outer container and has an inner surface defining at least one capillary channel. the inner member includes a first end adjacent to the open top of the outer container and has an outer periphery seated against the sidewall of the outer container. the closure has a proximal end and a distal end. the closure proximal end is seated at least partially within the first end of the inner member to seal the outer container and inner member and define a fluid collection chamber. the closure distal end defines a recessed area shaped to direct fluid under capillary action to the at least one capillary channel in the inner member.
provided is a yarn feeding device capable of easily performing a necessary operation for a process to change or to mix specification among entraining-type and self-running-type running members such as yarn feeders.two movement belts 4a, 4b are arranged between adjacent yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b while being divided into upper and lower stages. the upper and lower movement belts 4a, 4b respectively move yarn feeders 3a, 3b that are respectively mounted on trucks 2af, 2bb of the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b. movement driving part driving the movement belts 4a, 4b are mounted on end portions of the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b, so that no configuration supporting the movement belts 4a, 4b and the movement driving part is required for the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b. the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b could be shared by the entraining-type and self-running-type running members. the process for the specification change from the entrainment-running type to the self-running type, the mixing of the entrainment-running type and the self-running type, or the like could therefore be performed without detaching the yarn feeder rails 2a, 2b, thereby reducing the labor.
an air treatment media dispenser assembly (50) that passively delivers an air treatment media to an environment. the dispenser assembly includes a carriage (52) that is constructed to removably cooperate with a replaceable container (54). the container slidably cooperates with the carriage in a manner wherein the container is secured to the carriage without perforation of the container and, when axially translated relative to one another, perforates a seal (108) of the container to allow egress of the contents of the container to the carriage and subsequent passive communication of the media to an environment.
in a playback device a playback client application is configured to:retrieve a top level index file that includes references to container files that each include an alternative stream of encoded media or a trick play stream, and provides information enabling the playback device to retrieve encoding information and an index to encoded media within each of the container files, indicating the portions of each container file containing information concerning the encoded media in the container file and an index to the encoded media;use the top level index file to request the portions of container files that include information concerning the encoded media and an index to the encoded media;measure the current streaming conditions;request portions of video from an alternative stream from a remote server and buffer and decode the requested portions of video using a playback device;receive a user instruction for a visual search of the media;request portions of video by requesting frames from the trick play stream based upon the rate and direction of the visual search specified by the user instruction; anddecode the buffered portions of the trick play stream.
the present application relates to a lactic acid bacteria strain for probiotic use, to a biologically active culture comprising strain of at least one lactic acid bacteria, to a food composition or a nutritional supplement for canine, to a method for maintaining or improving microbial flora in gastrointestinal tract or immune system, to a method for treating or preventing diarrhea and food sensitivities. and to uses of said lactic acid bacteria.
methods and devices for isolating microbial cells from a sample, extracting eukaryotic dna from a sample, and identifying the microbial species in the sample are disclosed herein.to be accompanied, when published, by figure 1 of the drawings.
a weighing and packaging system includes a plurality of weighing machines (100), a plurality of packaging machines (200), and a control unit. the plurality of weighing machines (100) are configured to weigh articles supplied thereto. the plurality of packaging machines (200), each of which forms a weighing and packaging unit with a corresponding weighing machine among the plurality of weighing machines, are configured to receive a supply of the articles weighed and discharged by the corresponding weighing machine, and package the articles supplied thereto. the control unit is configured to, in a case where a problem occurs in at least one of weighing by the weighing machine and packaging by the packaging machine in any of the weighing and packaging units, change processing capacities of the weighing machine and the packaging machine of at least some of the weighing and packaging units other than the weighing and packaging units in which the problem occurs.
