movable section 122 of a cut and clinch unit includes exchange section 144 in which is formed second insertion hole 136 for cutting and bending a lead, and main body section 143 to which exchange section 144 is removably attached. an opening position of the second insertion hole is calculated as an attachment position of the exchange section on the main body section based on image data. it is determined whether a difference between the calculated opening position and a standard position of the second insertion hole that is set in advance exceeds a threshold value. here, if the difference between the calculated opening position and the standard position exceeds the threshold value, calibration is performed based on the assumption that the exchange section has been exchanged. that is, calibration is only performed in a case in which there is a concern about a deviation in the opening position of the second insertion hole due to the exchange section having been exchanged. thus, calibration is only performed when required, and unnecessary drops in productivity are prevented.
atmospheric-pressure plasma generation device 10 of the present invention includes heat sinks 27 and 28. flow paths are formed in the heat sinks, and cooling gas flows in the flow paths, thereby cooling lower housing 20 in which a reaction chamber is formed. here, the gas used for cooling is warmed by the heat of the lower housing. the warmed gas is supplied into heated gas supply device 14 and heated by heater 112. the heated gas flows in lower cover 22 and is emitted together with plasma gas from lower cover 22 toward a processing object. consequently, it is possible to perform cooling of the lower housing heated by electric discharge and perform heating of the processing object, and it is possible to reduce energy required for heating gas.
a wireless base station for communicating with a wireless terminal includes: a wireless apparatus configured to perform first signal processing, the first signal processing including wireless signal processing among signal processing of the wireless base station; a wireless control apparatus configured to perform second signal processing, the second signal processing being different from the first signal processing; and a transmitter that includes at least any of a first transmitter and a second transmitter, the first transmitter being configured to notify the wireless control apparatus of first information relating to the first signal processing, the second transmitter being configured to notify the wireless apparatus of second information relating to the second signal processing.
a network management method and a controller are provided. elastic scaling of an in-network packet data network in-pdn is implemented when ue is migrated or detached. in addition, service continuity in a local network of the ue can still be ensured when the ue is migrated or detached, and an in-pdn resource that is no longer used is reclaimed in time, thereby avoiding a waste of the in-pdn resource.
embodiments of the present invention provide a method for dynamically creating a local packet data network, an apparatus, and a system. the method includes: receiving a user plane network element selection request, allocating a first user plane network element to ue based on cell location information, a service type, and an access point name of the ue, and then sending a user plane network element response message that carries an identifier of the first user plane network element to a session management network element, so that the session management network element sends a new session establishment request to the first user plane network element.
the present invention provides a communication method, a base station, ue, a communications system, and a frame structure. the communication method includes: sending, by a base station, first downlink control information to first user equipment ue on a first time domain resource of a first subframe; sending, by the base station, downlink data to the first ue on a second time domain resource of the first subframe; and receiving, by the base station on a third time domain resource of the first subframe, an uplink resource request message sent by second ue. according to the communication method, the base station, the ue, the communications system, and the frame structure provided in the present invention, the ue can send the uplink resource request message to the base station, to obtain resource information used to transmit uplink service data and to transmit the uplink service data to the base station.
disclosed in the present invention are a method for transmitting a sounding reference signal (srs), a network device and a terminal device. the method comprises: a network device determining multiple symbols used for transmitting an srs in a first uplink subframe; the network device transmitting first indication information to each of multiple terminal devices, the first indication information being used for indicating a symbol of the multiple symbols corresponding to said each terminal device, a first terminal device of the multiple terminal devices corresponding to a first symbol of the multiple symbols, the first symbol being used for transmitting the srs of the first terminal device. thus, during the transmission between the network device and the terminal device using uplink-downlink channel reciprocity, influences caused by channel characteristic aging can be reduced.
the present invention provides a method, a terminal device, and a network device for transmitting a sounding reference signal. the method includes: receiving, by a terminal device, control signaling in a first time interval ti, where the control signaling is used to instruct the terminal device to send an srs; after receiving the control signaling, determining, by the terminal device, a target sending time period from at least one sending time period, where the target sending time period is a first sending time period, after a first moment, in the at least one sending time period, and interval duration between the first moment and a start moment of the first ti is less than p milliseconds, or interval duration between the first moment and a start moment of a symbol to carry the control signaling and that is in the first ti is less than p milliseconds, where 0<p≤4; and sending, by the terminal device, the srs in the target sending time period. therefore, interval duration between a moment at which the terminal device receives the control signaling and a moment of completing preparation of information necessary for sending the srs is decreased, and a system latency is shortened effectively.
provided are a data transmission method and devices, which reduce data transmission delay. the method comprises: a terminal device notifies a network device of attribute information of uplink data to be sent of the terminal device via a scheduling request; the terminal device receives indication information sent by the network device, the indication information being used for indicating uplink authorisation for the uplink data to be sent; the terminal device sends the uplink data to be sent according to the uplink authorisation.
embodiments of the present invention disclose a method, a network device and a terminal device for transmitting information. the method includes: a network device sends downlink control information to a terminal device through control resource areas in a time domain scheduling unit, wherein the control resource areas include multiple types of control resource areas, different types of control resource areas are used for sending different types downlink control information, and a first type of control resource area in the multiple types of control resource areas comprises partial frequency domain resources pre-configured or semi-statically configured on each orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (ofdm) symbol in the time domain scheduling unit. by the method, the network device and the terminal device in the embodiments of the present invention, multiple types of downlink control information can be transmitted, and a design of the first type of control resource area can meet requirement on the downlink control channel for transmitting a low latency service.
there is provided a method comprising a method comprising receiving a plurality of signals at a first receiver of a plurality of first receivers associated with a vehicle. at least one of the plurality of signals comprises at least one message. the method comprises processing the plurality of signals to determine the at least one message and providing the at least one message to a controller. the controller is configured to verify the at least one message for use in determining vehicle action.
the invention relates to supplying power. so to provide a dc voltage based on an ac voltage with a low level of electro-magnetic interference while allowing for a desired power factor, the power supply circuit comprises an input stage unit, an energy storage element, and an output stage unit, wherein the power supply circuit is arranged for a first mode and a second mode, wherein, in the first mode, the input stage unit stores energy in the energy storage element based on received ac voltage and the output stage unit does not receive energy from the energy storage element for providing the dc voltage, wherein, in the second mode, the input stage unit does not store energy in the energy storage element and isolates the energy storage element from the ac voltage input and the output stage unit receives energy from the energy storage element for providing the dc voltage.
there is provided a cooker (5) having a heating element (10) mounted on a mechanical arrangement (90, 95, 115, 120) for moving the heating element (10). the cooker (5) has a supporting structure (15) for supporting a cooking vessel (20) above the heating element (10). the cooker (5) is provided with a proximity sensing arrangement (25, 30, 35, 40) for sensing the position of a cooking vessel (20) placed onto the supporting structure (15). the mechanical arrangement (90, 95, 115, 120) is arranged to move the heating element (10) to a position corresponding to the position of a cooking vessel (20) placed onto the supporting structure (15) as sensed by the proximity sensing arrangement (25, 30, 35, 40). a cooking vessel proximity sensing system (25, 30, 35, 40, 110) is also provided, having a plurality of movable proximity sensing elements (25, 30, 35, 40) and a controller (110).
an electronic apparatus includes a housing and a connector. the housing has an outer surface, an inner surface, an aperture extending from the outer surface to the inner surface, and a plurality of shielding walls disposed on the inner surface and adjacent to the aperture. the connector has a cage body with a plurality of spring arms configured to abut against the shielding walls of the housing.
a method of positioning a rack onto a base structure is provided. the rack includes a support member for supporting the rack on the base structure. the method includes: affixing a positioning tool to the base structure; aligning a guiding opening defined in the support member of the rack with the positioning tool affixed to the base structure; lowering the rack onto the base structure such that the guiding opening receives the positioning tool therein; and removing the positioning tool from the base structure once the rack is in a desired position atop the base structure.
the present disclosure provides a method and an apparatus for random access in a wireless communication system, as well as a user terminal. the method includes: receiving indication information transmitted from a radio base station, the indication information instructing a user terminal to initiate a random access; determining a target physical random access channel (prach) resource from available resources based on a current coverage level and resource information carried in the indication information, the target prach resource being used for transmitting a prach signal for initiating the random access; and re-determining, in response to a failure to initiate the random access over the target prach resource, the target prach resource from the available resources based on an updated coverage level and the resource information, and transmitting the prach signal over the re-determined target prach resource. the present disclosure can solve the technical problem in the related art associated with low success rate of random accesses initiated by radio base stations.
the present disclosure provides an information transmission method and device based on a sweeping block. the method includes: configuring part of or all symbols of a data transmission subframe within a sweeping period as a sweeping block; and carrying a sweeping signal channel in the sweeping block for transmission. the sweeping signal channel refers to a signal or a signal and channel to be transmitted by polling all ports or beams. the above solution can improve flexibility and efficiency of data beam transmission and reduce a latency of traffic transmission.
the present disclosure provides an spucch transmission method, a ue and a base station. the spucch transmission method includes: receiving downlink data, and acquiring a cyclic shift value for the transmission of an spucch in accordance with indication information carried in a downlink control channel corresponding to the received downlink data; and transmitting the spucch in accordance with the cyclic shift value, ack/ nack feedback information for the downlink data being carried in the spucch.
provided are a method and device for processing a radio bearer, a terminal and a base station. the method for processing a radio bearer includes: after receiving a connection suspend instruction sent by a base station, a terminal sets a radio bearer parameter to a preset value according to the connection suspend instruction; or the terminal sets the radio bearer parameter to the preset value in a process of initiating a radio connection resume. the initiating a radio connection resume by the terminal includes: the terminal sending a radio connection resume request to the base station and waiting for a connection resume response from the base station. the radio bearer parameter includes at least one of a rlc parameter and a pdcp layer parameter. the present invention solves the problem in the existing art that the base station and the terminal do not have a consistent rlc parameter and a consistent pdcp parameter on a radio bearer between the terminal and the base station resulting in a connection resume failure of the terminal, so the terminal needs more signaling interactions to establish the radio bearer which causes increased power consumption of the terminal.
provided are a sending method, a receiving method, a relay device, a base station and a mobile station. according to the embodiments of the present invention, an authorization information sending method executed by a relay device comprises: receiving authorization information for transmission between devices, and a sending device identifier and a receiving device identifier corresponding to the authorization information; generating the first control information according to the authorization information, the sending device identifier and the receiving device identifier; and sending the first control information.
provided in the present disclosure is an electronic device used for a network control terminal and a method used for the electronic device, and an electronic device used for a network node and a method used for the electronic device. the electronic device used for the network control terminal comprises: a processing circuit, configured to configure, for a relay link between the network node and one or more other network nodes, a sl-drx for the network node and/or the one or more other network nodes and perform relay transmission between the network node and the one or more other network nodes on the basis of the configuration of the sl-drx.
a method and an apparatus for transmitting a multicast service and a method and an apparatus for receiving a multicast service are provided. the method for receiving a multicast service includes receiving information about the multicast service transmitted by a network side on carriers, the carriers being an anchor carrier and/or non-anchor carriers; selecting a target carrier from the carriers according to the information about the multicast service, wherein the target carrier is the anchor carrier or the non-anchor carrier.
the present invention provides a method and apparatus for sending and receiving downlink control signaling, a base station and a terminal. the method includes that a base station sends downlink control signaling carrying indication information to a terminal. the indication information in the downlink control signaling at least includes one of: information for indicating a receiving manner to the terminal, reference signal resource information referenced for calculating downlink scheduling information, reference signal resource information referenced for calculating uplink scheduling information, and allocation information of a resource block.
a routing method includes: a relay user equipment (ue) receiving a data packet from a first peer end; and the relay ue sending the data packet to a second peer end by layer 2 data forwarding.
the application provides an uplink transmission method, a network side device and a terminal. the uplink transmission method includes that a terminal receives first configuration information at a first-time-domain position, and receives second configuration information at a second-time-domain position, in which the first configuration information indicates frequency-domain resource information of an uplink shortened transmission time interval (stti) transmission performed by the terminal at a third-time-domain position, and the second configuration information indicates scheduling information for the uplink stti transmission performed by the terminal at the third-time-domain position; and the terminal performs the uplink stti transmission at the third-time-domain position, according to the first and second configuration information.
a method for transmitting information, including: on one carrier wave, when agreed transmission times of two or more physical uplink shared channels (pusch) overlap, performing transmission according to at least one of a preset transmission mode and a transmission mode indicated by a base station enb.
a method and a device for indicating transmission resources, and a storage medium are provided. the method includes: selecting n transmissions according to a target indication rule, and determining n transmission resources of data information of a data packet corresponding to the n transmissions as selected; and transmitting in control information the n transmission resources as determined.
the present disclosure provides a transmission method, a transmission device, a mobile communication terminal, and a network side device, so as to implement bundling transmission of an uplink shared channel. the transmission method includes: a subframe determination step of determining, by a ue, a first start subframe within which a pusch is to be transmitted currently; and a first transmission step of, when a bundling transmission condition has been met, bundling a plurality of subframes from the first start subframe, and transmitting the pusch through uplink resources in the bundled subframes, the bundled subframes at least comprising a special subframe having an uppts capable of being adopted for transmitting the pusch.
a method for configuring a frame structure, a network side device and a terminal are provided. a relevant frame structure is modified so that uplink and downlink transmission resources are flexibly adjusted, so as to be adapted to requirements of uplink and downlink services and not be limited to a certain type or certain types of fixed uplink and downlink configurations and gp configurations. the method includes determining a first period and first indication information, wherein the first period is a frame period configured for a carrier or a period in which a uplink transmission appears; the first indication information is used to indicate whether a time-domain transmission resource available for the uplink transmission exists in the first period or not; and, if the time-domain transmission resource exists, indicate a position of the time-domain transmission resource.
the present invention provides a method for random access executed at user equipment (ue), comprising: receiving configuration information from a base station, the configuration information indicating an anchor carrier and/or one or a plurality of non-anchor carriers supporting a random access; selecting a carrier from the anchor carrier and/or the one or plurality of non-anchor carriers supporting a random access as a random access carrier according to the configuration information; and performing a random access by using the random access carrier. the present invention further provides a method for a random access executed at a base station, corresponding ue, and a corresponding base station.
disclosed is an information transmission method. the method includes: performing information segmentation on predetermined information to form information segments; and transmitting the information segments using a predetermined spectrum. also disclosed are an information transmission system and a transmission node.
the present disclosure provides a method, apparatus and system for transmitting signaling messages, a method, apparatus for detecting signaling messages. the method includes: determining n groups of synchronization signals and transmission resources corresponding to the n groups of synchronization signals, where n>=1; determining m sets of first-class signaling messages associated with the n groups of synchronization signals, where m<=n; determining transmission resource locations of the m sets of first-class signaling messages; and transmitting the n groups of synchronization signals and the first-class signaling messages on the transmission resources and the transmission resource locations respectively. by means of the present disclosure, the problems of coverage and efficiency of a broadcast channel which are caused during wide beam transmission in the related art are solved.
the present invention provides a dynamic scheduling method and apparatus. the method includes: in a process in which a user equipment (ue) receives data of a channel a, the ue triggers to start or restart an inactivity timer a preset length at a preset moment; during running of the inactivity timer, the ue receives a physical downlink control channel (pdcch) signaling sent by a base station, and detects a pdcch signaling for scheduling a downlink control information (dci) of the channel a. the invention solves a problem that the ue needs to continuously and ineffectively monitor the pdcch channel in a long time in which the next data scheduling of sc-mtch will not exist, which causes waste of battery power of the ue, and the effect of saving power is achieved.
an embodiment of the present invention provides a wiring substrate which allows bending of the wiring substrate to be carried out concurrently with reflow for mounting an electronic component to the wiring substrate. a component-mounted body (1) of an embodiment of the present invention includes a wiring substrate (10) and at least one bend assisting body (30) which is belt-like and formed on the wiring substrate (10). the wiring substrate (10) is bent so that a straight bending line is formed along a direction in which the at least one bend assisting body (30) extends. this forms, in the wiring substrate (10), a depressed portion (14) which can contain an ic chip (20).
a target ran node (3) is configured to: receive, directly from a core network (5), core network context information about a handover of a radio terminal (1) from a first network to the second network; and control communication of the radio terminal (1) based on the core network context information. the target ran node (3) is further configured to transfer a handover signaling message to a source ran node on a direct interface (101) in response to receiving the core network context information. the core network context information includes at least one of flow information, slice information, and security-related information. it is thus possible, for example, to provide an inter-rat handover procedure involving transfer of handover signaling messages on a direct inter-base-station interface.
a relay apparatus is a relay apparatus that relays communication between a terminal device and macro cell base station in order to implement a relay apparatus capable of preventing a disconnection between the macro cell base station and the relay apparatus, wherein when starting a new connection for radio communication, the relay apparatus acquires identification information for identifying the other end of the radio communication, checks connectability information for defining whether connection to the other end of the radio communication can be established or not against the identification information, and determines whether the connection for the radio communication can be established or not.
[object] to achieve communication between terminal devices in a more preferred aspect even in a situation in which wireless access technologies in which definition of resources is different are multiplexed in a communication system in which a base station device and terminal devices communicate with each other.[solution] a communication device includes: a communication unit configured to perform wireless communication; a control unit configured to allocate a resource to each of a first channel for transmitting control information and a second channel for transmitting data in communication between a plurality of terminal devices; and a notification unit configured to notify at least any terminal device among the plurality of terminal devices of information regarding the resource.
a communication apparatus that executes a predetermined service by communicating with an external apparatus, the communication apparatus characterized by comprises: communication means for establishing a connection with the external apparatus and communicating data with the external apparatus in order to execute the predetermined service; and control means for controlling the communication means so that the communication apparatus operates as a first role in the case of connecting to a first external apparatus operating as a second role, and so that the communication apparatus operates as the second role in the case of connecting to a second external apparatus operating as the first role, wherein the control means controls the communication means so that the communication apparatus operates as the second role to connect to the second external apparatus operating as the first role in between times when the communication apparatus carries out a process for operating as the first role.
[object] to enable multiplexing configurations of a plurality of uplink control channels in a preferred mode in a communication system in which a base station device and a terminal device communicate with each other.[solution] a communication device includes: a communication unit configured to perform wireless communication; and a control unit configured to selectively switch between a first physical channel and a second physical channel in which both conditions of the number of symbols and the number of resource blocks are different from each other and which are allocated during a predetermined period in a time direction to transmit control information to a base station.
[object] to realize more stable synchronization or rlm measurement even in a situation in which a reference signal is not necessarily transmitted during all unit periods.[solution] a communication device includes: a communication unit configured to perform wireless communication; and an acquisition unit configured to acquire information regarding communication quality of the wireless communication targeting a period in which a reference signal is transmitted on the basis of the reference signal that is discontinuously transmitted.
[object] to further improve transmission efficiency of an entire system even in a situation in which terminal devices with mutually different reception capabilities are multiplexed in a communication system in which a base station device and the terminal device communicate with each other.[solution] a communication device includes: a communication unit configured to perform wireless communication; and a control unit configured to allocate respective resources for communication with a plurality of terminal devices in which at least any of bandwidths or central frequencies of channels to be used is different. the control unit allocates a first control channel to be commonly transmitted to the plurality of terminal devices to a first region overlapping between the respective channels of the plurality of terminal devices in a region in which the resources are allocated. the control unit allocates a second control channel to be individually transmitted to each of the plurality of terminal devices to a second region different from the first region.
a base station of a radio communication system is for performing communication by multiplexing a first radio frame having a predetermined tti length and a second radio frame having a tti length shorter than the predetermined tti length. the base station includes a scheduler configured to multiplex a signal of the second radio frame in a time period of the first radio frame other than a time period in which a reference signal is transmitted in the first radio frame; and a transmitter configured to multiplex a signal of the first radio frame and the signal of the second radio frame, and configured to transmit, to user equipment, the signal of the first radio frame and the signal of the second radio frame that are multiplexed.
provided is a communication system that can reduce latency while preventing reduction in a transmission rate. an enb communicates with a ue #1 using a self-contained subframe including a first downlink signal (dl #1) and a first uplink signal (ul #1), and with a ue #2 using a self-contained subframe including a second downlink signal (dl #2) and a second uplink signal (ul #2). the self-contained subframe for the ue #1 includes a first gap duration (gap #1) during which neither the dl #1 nor the ul #1 is transmitted, between transmission durations of the dl#1 and the ul#1. the self-contained subframe for the ue #2 includes a second gap duration (gap #2) during which neither the dl #2 nor the ul #2 is transmitted, between transmission durations of the dl #2 and the ul #2. the gaps #1 and #2 are set to each ue.
provided is a radio communication system capable of implementing a state transition related to an intermediate transition between a connected state and an idle state.an aspect of the present invention relates to a radio communication system, including: a user equipment, wherein the user equipment includes a state management unit that manages a communication state of the user equipment, and a state transition unit that causes the communication state of the user equipment to transition, and when a sustenance message for causing the user equipment to transition from a connected state to a sustained state is received from a first base station, the state transition unit causes the user equipment to transition from the connected state to the sustained state, and the state management unit extracts a context identifier specifying radio parameter information for radio communication between the user equipment and the first base station and a base station-based location registration area configured with one or more cells including a cell of the first base station from the sustenance message and retains the radio parameter information, the context identifier, and the base station-based location registration area.
a communication device obtains identification information and a public key of a first other communication device by a particular obtaining method that does not use a wireless lan and notifies the first other communication device of a role of the first other communication device in a communication based on wi-fi direct. in addition, the communication device obtains identification information and a public key of a second other communication device by the particular obtaining method and notifies the second other communication device of a role of the second other communication device in the communication based on wi-fi direct. one of the notified roles is a p2p group owner and the other one is a p2p client, and the communication based on wi-fi direct can be performed between the first other communication device and the second other communication device based on the notifications.
this user terminal is provided with: a reception unit that receives a downlink signal including a demodulation reference signal; a signal separation unit that separates the demodulation reference signal from the downlink signal; and a channel estimation unit that calculates a channel estimation value by using the demodulation reference signal. the demodulation reference signal is mapped on a resource element set in a transmission pattern selected from a plurality of candidate patterns. the reception unit receives an index indicating the transmission pattern, and the signal separation unit separates the demodulation reference signal by using the transmission pattern specified on the basis of the index.
a user equipment in a radio communication system including a base station and the user equipment, the user equipment including: a reception unit that receives control information, which includes allocation information of a resource for downlink data reception, and allocation information of a resource for uplink control information transmission, from the base station by a downlink control channel; and a transmission unit that transmits the uplink control information to the base station on the basis of the control information that is received by the reception unit.
a wireless base station (100) includes a wireless apparatus (110), a first wireless control apparatus (120), and a second wireless control apparatus (130). the wireless apparatus (110) performs first signal processing that is in signal processing by the wireless base station (100), which includes wireless signal processing. the first wireless control apparatus (120) performs second signal processing that is in the signal processing by the wireless base station (100). the second wireless control apparatus (130) performs third signal processing that includes transferring control information relating to the second signal processing to the first wireless control apparatus (120). a notification unit (124) notifies the first wireless control apparatus (120) of configuration information relating to the second signal processing.
provided are a method and an apparatus for transmitting user equipment (ue) help information for semi-persistent scheduling (sps) to a target evolved nodeb (enb) in a wireless communication system. a source enb of a handover receives, from a ue, the ue help information for the sps, and transmits the ue help information for the sps to the target enb. the ue help information for the sps may include an sps cycle and a time offset.
the present invention discloses a method for transmitting/receiving data in a wireless communication system supporting nb-lot and a device for the method. more specifically, the method comprises monitoring a first search space configured for a first npdcch, wherein the first npdcch includes first control information for scheduling a first npdsch carrying an sc-mcch; receiving the first npdsch based on the first control information; monitoring a second search space configured for a second npdcch by using a group identifier acquired through the sc-mcch, wherein the second npdcch includes second control information for scheduling a second npdsch carrying an sc-mtch; and receiving the second npdsch based on the second control information, wherein the second npdcch and the second npdsch are transmitted on one carrier, and carrier configuration information representing the one carrier is carried through the sc-mcch.
the present invention discloses a method for transmitting/receiving data in a wireless communication system supporting nb-iot and a device for the method. more specifically, the method comprises receiving a first npdcch through a first search space; receiving a first npdsch carrying an sc-mcch; receiving a second npdcch through a second search space; receiving a second npdsch carrying an sc-mtch; and when a time period configured for at least one of a third npdcch or a third npdsch overlaps at least one of the first search space, a time period configured for the first npdsch, the second search space, or a time period configured for the second npdsch, preferentially receiving at least one of the third npdssch or the third npdsch, wherein the third npdcch and the third npdsch are channels configured for either paging or random access.
the present invention relates to a method by which a terminal transmits a signal in a wireless communication system supporting multiple-input multiple-output (mimo), and to a device. particularly, the method comprises the steps of: transmitting a scheduling request to a base station by using a scheduling request beam resource, and receiving, from the base station, a confirm message corresponding to the scheduling request, wherein the confirm message includes an indication determined according to the scheduling request beam resource and the best downlink beam preset to a terminal.
in a communication system (1) including a terminal (10), a base station (20), a processing server (30) that executes a process related to the terminal, and one or a plurality of serving gateways (40), the processing server (30) includes: a determination unit (31) that determines whether or not an unused bearer other than a used bearer used for a service process is to be established on the basis of a system load for bearer maintenance and a system load for bearer establishment when the determination unit receives a service processing request from the terminal that is in an idle state; and a bearer establishment control unit (32) that performs control so that the unused bearer determined to be established by the determination unit (31) and the used bearer are established between a corresponding serving gateway and the terminal.
embodiments of this application provide a service data transmission method, an access point, and a station. the method includes: receiving, by a station, a control frame, where the control frame includes control information; contending for a resource based on the control information; and sending first-type service data corresponding to the station to an access point on the resource obtained by contention, where the control information is used to instruct the station to contend for the resource used to transmit the first-type service data. in the embodiments of this application, the access point triggers the station to perform a procedure of reporting uplink first-type service data, and this can improve transmission efficiency of service data.
embodiments of the present invention disclose a data transmission method and a terminal. the method includes: when a terminal is in an energy saving state, detecting, by the terminal, whether a first logical channel corresponding to a first tunnel includes first to-be-transmitted data, and detecting whether a second logical channel corresponding to a second tunnel includes second to-be-transmitted data; if it is detected that the first logical channel includes the first to-be-transmitted data, and a sum of the first to-be-transmitted data and the second to-be-transmitted data on the second logical channel is less than a preset threshold, selecting the second tunnel to transmit the first to-be-transmitted data and the second to-be-transmitted data; or if it is detected that the first logical channel does not include the first to-be-transmitted data, and the second to-be-transmitted data on the second logical channel is less than a preset threshold, selecting the second tunnel to transmit the second to-be-transmitted data; and transmitting, by the terminal, data by using the second tunnel. according to the present invention, a dedicated tunnel may be selected to transmit relatively small data, thereby saving network resources and improving transmission efficiency.
this application provides a method for sending or receiving a physical downlink control channel pdcch and a device. the method includes: mapping, by a network device, a first pdcch to a control channel transmission units on a first time-frequency resource, and mapping a second pdcch to b control channel transmission units on a second time-frequency resource, where a is a positive integer and a ≥ 2, b is a positive integer and b ≥ 2, a subcarrier spacing of the first time-frequency resource is a first subcarrier spacing, a subcarrier spacing of the second time-frequency resource is a second subcarrier spacing, and the first subcarrier spacing is different from the second subcarrier spacing; and sending the first pdcch and the second pdcch. according to the method for sending or receiving a pdcch and the device that are provided in this application, scheduling and/or configuring a terminal device by a network device and access and camping of the terminal device can be implemented in a communications system with a plurality of subcarrier spacings.
a shock absorber apparatus is provided that includes an upper rack frame, a middle plate, and a lower rack frame. the upper rack frame is configured to secure a bottom frame of a rack server. the upper rack frame includes a first set of rail assemblies. the middle plate includes a second set of rail assemblies and a first set of carriers corresponding with the first set of rail assemblies of the upper rack frame. the first set of rail assemblies is configured to restrict movement of the first plurality of carriers to a first axis. the lower rack frame includes a second set of carriers corresponding with the second set of rail assemblies of the middle plate. the second set of rail assemblies is configured to restrict movement of the second plurality of carriers to a second axis.
methods and apparatuses of handling a bandwidth part (bwp) inactivity timer during a random access procedure in a wireless communication system are disclosed herein. in one method, a user equipment (ue) starts a bwp timer for a serving cell operating in a paired spectrum (905). the ue initiates a contention-based random access (ra) procedure on the serving cell and stops the bwp timer (910). the ue starts the bwp timer upon successful completion of the ra procedure, wherein the ue considers the contention-based ra procedure successfully completed if a physical downlink control channel (pdcch) addressed to a cell network temporary identifier (c-rnti) of the ue is received and the pdcch contains an uplink grant for a new transmission (915).
an electronic device includes at least one wireless communication circuit positioned, and at least one processor operatively connected to the wireless communication circuit. the wireless communication circuit includes an omnidirectional first wireless communication circuit having a first frequency and a first coverage and a directional second wireless communication circuit having a second frequency higher than the first frequency and a second coverage smaller than the first coverage. the processor is configured to obtain control information including data associated with a location of an external device, from the external device through the first wireless communication circuit, to set a beamforming attribute associated with the second wireless communication circuit, based on the data, and to make a communication connection to the external device through the second wireless communication circuit, by using the beamforming attribute.
a system and method is provided for predicting the effect of a transient event on a data center. according to one aspect, embodiments herein provide a method that comprises receiving input data related to a data center that includes at least one equipment rack and at least one cooling provider, the input data including data center architecture information, building data, and operating data, generating, by a computing device, a model based at least in part on the input data and on a set of energy balance and heat exchange equations for the data center that account for heat added by the at least one equipment rack and removed by the at least one cooling provider, and a thermal mass of the at least one equipment rack and a thermal mass of the at least one cooling provider, the model configured to predict at least one temperature in the data center during a transient event, and controlling a display device to display the at least one predicted temperature.
a radio frequency (rf) heating and defrosting apparatus may include an electrode which, when supplied with rf signal energy, may responsively radiate electromagnetic energy into a cavity of the rf heating and defrosting apparatus. this radiated electromagnetic energy may cause a thermal increase of a load in the cavity. a capacitor may be formed from a portion of the electrode and a conductive plate disposed adjacent to the electrode. the conductive plate may be coupled to a ground reference structure. dielectric material(s) having a low dielectric constant may be disposed directly between the electrode and the conductive plate.
a system 48 for providing electrical power to a load 50 is provided. the system 48 includes at least two inverters 114, 116 and at least two resonant circuits 118, 120. the inverters 114, 116 are operative to electrically connect to a power source 50. the resonant circuits 118, 120 are each electrically connected to at least one of the inverters 114, 116 and operative to provide electrical power to the load 50. the resonant circuits 118, 120 are coupled to each other.
a window heating system (200) for providing current to a heating element (202) includes a first sensor (218), a second sensor (220), and a sensor selection module (210) configured to determine a state of the first and the second sensors. the sensor selection module (210) includes a first comparator (234) associated with the first sensor and configured to determine whether a condition of the first sensor is satisfied. the window heating system also includes a controller (208) configured to control current to the heating element based on the second sensor when the first comparator determines the condition of the first sensor is not satisfied.
examples provided herein selects a device such as a gateway. one or more ip packets carrying a session establishing request are received and an address of one of a plurality of gateways is selected based on information on a wireless terminal included in the session establishing request, the selected address is set as a destination address of the ip packets.
a system and method for controlling the energy of light pulses for use with a projection optics system is provided. the system includes a light source 216 configured to emit light pulses, a transmission element configured to transmit a first part 212a and a second part 212b of an active light pulse, the first part being transmitted to the projection optics system, and a feedback system including a detector 242 configured to receive the second part of the active light pulse and determine a total measure of energy of the active light pulse, and a control unit 232 configured to receive the total measure of energy and in response control an amplitude of a subsequent light pulse. in some implementations, the control unit may additionally set a threshold value for communication to a comparator to compare against the total measure of energy and in response control the width of the active light pulse.
the invention discloses an led lamp with constant current dimming drive circuit based on pwm input, comprising a pwm variable power supply input end, a pwm matching circuit, a voltage rectifying circuit, a dc-dc constant current output circuit and an led lamp, and the voltage signal of the pwm variable power supply input end is provided by the pwm voltage output power supply, and the pwm variable power supply input end is respectively connected with the pwm matching circuit and the voltage rectifying circuit, and the pwm matching circuit is connected with the enable end of the dc-dc constant current output circuit, and the voltage rectifying circuit is connected to the power supply end of the dc-dc constant current output circuit, and the voltage of the voltage rectifying circuit changes according to the duty ratio of the voltage of the pwm variable power supply input end, and the voltage of the pwm variable power supply input end passes through the voltage dividing resistor of pwm matching circuit and output pwm control signal, and pwm control signal realizes non-stroboscopic adjustment led lamp through the dc-dc constant current output circuit.
embodiments disclosed herein include systems and methods for mounting electrical components in electrical systems. in one example, there is provided a heat-generating electrical component and base assembly configured to be secured to a component wall. the assembly comprises a base including an upper portion having a recess and a lower portion having a floating electrical connector, a heat-generating electrical component secured in the recess of the base and including an electrical lead in electrical communication with the floating electrical connector, and a gasket circumscribing a perimeter of the lower portion.
embodiments of the present application relate to a method for resource allocation, a network device, and a terminal device. the method includes allocating, by the network device, multiple receiving resource pools corresponding to different synchronization references to the terminal device, where the multiple receiving resource pools are used by the terminal device to receive data transmitted by a further terminal device; determining, by the network device, at least one receiving resource pool in the multiple receiving resources; transmitting, by the network device, a system information block (sib) to the terminal device, where the sib is used to indicate the at least one receiving resource pool. according to the method for resource allocation, the network device, and the terminal device in the embodiments of the present application, the network device configures multiple receiving resource pools for the terminal device, and may determine at least one receiving resource pool in the multiple receiving resource pools, and indicate the at least one receiving resource pool through the sib, thus avoiding limitation on a size of the sib, thereby implementing flexible configuration of the receiving resource pools.
a communications device and method of communicating using a communications device is disclosed for performing device-to-device communications. the communications device is configured to determine in accordance with predetermined conditions whether the communications device is within a coverage area of a mobile communications network, and if the communications device is determined to be within the coverage area of the mobile communications network, to transmit or to receive signals via the wireless access interface to one or more other communications devices in accordance with device to device communications using communications resources of the wireless access interface allocated according to a first mode in which the mobile communications network performs resource allocation. if the communications device is determined not to be within the coverage area of the mobile communications network, then the communicates device transmits or receives signals via the wireless access interface to one or more other communications devices in accordance with the device to device communication using communications resources of the wireless access interface allocated according to a second mode in which the communications device allocates resources from a predetermined set of resources. if the communications device is determined to be within the coverage area of the mobile communications network, the transmitting or the receiving the signals via the wireless access interface using the first mode of resource allocation, includes accessing the mobile communications network to receive an allocation of the communications resources of the wireless access interface, detecting a failure condition in accessing the communications resources of the wireless access interface, and if the failure condition is detected then transmitting or receiving the signals via the wireless access interface by accessing the communications resources of the wireless access using the second mode of resource allocation. a device to device communication can thereby be performed more quickly in the event that the mobile communications network cannot allocated communications resources of the wireless access communications network.
disclosed is a base station apparatus in which a configuration section (102) configures, within a data assignable region for a terminal apparatus (200), a first search space and a second search space each being a candidate to which control information is assigned, each of the first search space and the second search space including a plurality of control channel elements, and a signal assignment section (105) assigns control information to each of the first search space and the second search space. in addition, the configuration section (102) allocates numbers to a plurality of first control channel elements included in the first search space in an ascending order, and allocates numbers larger than or identical with the numbers allocated to the first control channel elements to a plurality of second control channel elements included in the second search space.
provided is a technology for enabling smooth execution of a plurality of pieces of application software which perform communication via a communication path. a connection device includes a storage unit (120; 121-123) for storing type priority level information for specifying a priority level (122b) assigned in advance for each type (122a) of a process, usable communication system information (121d) for specifying a usable communication system for each process, and sharing propriety information (123b) for specifying whether or not the communication system is sharable among a plurality of processes during the same period of time; a plurality of communication units (130-134) adapted to communicate to and from another device with use of the communication systems different from one another; and a communication system allocation control unit (102) configured to: use the usable communication system information to identify the communication system usable by the process to be started to be executed; and allocate, when the identified communication system is not sharable and a process in execution that is different from the process to be started to be executed already uses the identified communication system, the process to use the communication system based on the priority levels of the process in execution and the process to be started to be executed. when there is a change in a configuration in the other device, the communication system allocation control unit may acquire information to specify the communication system, which is compatible with the other device after the change of the communication system, from a predetermined server device and to update the usable communication system information
methods, systems, and devices for wireless communication are described. a wireless device such as a user equipment (ue) or a base station may identify a set of resource element groups (regs) for low latency communication, and each reg may include a portion of a different resource block (rb) of a set of rbs (e.g., a set of non-contiguous rbs). the device may then map an uplink control channel to the selected regs and communicate on the uplink control channel accordingly. reference signals may also be transmitted in the same rbs, and the regs may be mapped around the resources used for reference signals. in some cases, multiple ues may transmit uplink control data using the same resources using code division multiplexing (cdm) (e.g., if the control payload is relatively small). in other cases, multiple ues may be frequency division multiplexed (fdm).
the invention relates to a fixing device for fixing a wear or protection element on a shovel of an earth moving machine and the corresponding fixing system and method. fixing device for fixing a wear or protection element (1) on a shovel (3) of an earth moving machine that comprises a stop, which is formed by a lower half-stop (7) and an upper half-stop (9) attached to one another by means of a screw (11), with a lower portion (31) suitable for being housed in a housing (17) arranged on a base (5) fixed to the shovel (3). both half-stops can be separately introduced in the housing (17) through an opening (19) arranged on the upper face (21) of the wear element (1). the assembly formed by both half-stops has a plan view exceeding the perimeter of the plan view of the opening (19). the upper half-stop (9) is not in contact with the front wall (29).
process that makes it possible to assign metadata to an audiovisual content through different time references, by generating, in a semi-automatic manner, a number data or enriched information linked to an audiovisual content, which comprises the following steps:- rearrangement of the audiovisual content into sub-scenes through a separation of shots and a subsequent separation into scenes, by identifying those extracted shots that are very similar;- identification of elements in each of the sub-scenes, by performing a temporal annotation and an informational annotation of the different relations;- search for commercial matches in the elements identified;- expert deduplication, annotation and editing.the invention makes it possible to obtain, in a quick, semi-automatic, scalable manner, a database formed by a set of files and time spans, i.e. relevant data (about actors, characters, interesting facts, attire, music, places, objects, etc.) related to various audiovisual contents (films, television series, documentaries, music videos, etc.).
the present invention is to prevent an absorption member from dropping off while reducing damage to the absorption member.an absorption rotor 1 includes plural spokes 3 extending in a radial manner from the circumference of the rotation axis, a tubular rim 4 coupling end portions of the plural spokes 3, an absorption member 11 accommodated in a space which is surrounded by the plural spokes 3 and the rim 4, the absorption member that absorbs a substance to be absorbed when a gas passes through, and a drop-off prevention member 12 respectively fixed to the spoke 3 and the absorption member 11, the drop-off prevention member that prevents the absorption member 11 from dropping off the spoke 3.the drop-off prevention member 12 is arranged between the absorption member 11 and the spoke 3, and between a surface from which the gas flows into the absorption member 11 and a surface from which the gas flows out of the absorption member.
disclosed are a household appliance, an apparatus and a method for detecting a fault arc in the household appliance. the apparatus includes: a grid current detecting unit, configured to detect a current from a power grid to the household appliance so as to generate a first current detecting signal; a filter protecting unit, configured to perform an attenuation processing on an arc signal in the power grid; a load current detecting unit, configured to detect an actual running current in a load of the household appliance so as to generate a second current detecting signal; and a control unit connected to the grid current detecting unit and the load current detecting unit respectively, and configured to identify and compare the first current detecting signal and second current detecting signal so as to determine a source of the fault arc. the apparatus is able to determine the source of the fault arc precisely and to avoid malfunction efficiently.
an electronic shielding gas flow regulator system applied in welding equipment, object of the present utility model, is described, which aims to solve the drawbacks described in the prior art by means of a mig/mag/tig welding gas saving system which verifies through a current sensor (shunt) (30) the current being used, sending this data to a software processing system (microcontroller) (20) which subsequently performs the gas release through a linear actuation valve (23) according to the welding current being measured, and the confirmation of the outlet flow is performed by a flowmeter sensor in order to guarantee accurate flow.
provided are a method and apparatus for assisting human-computer interaction, applied to a human-computer interaction auxiliary device connected with an executing device. the method comprises: acquiring a first control instruction, wherein the first control instruction comprises a voice control instruction and/or a text control instruction (s110); parsing the first control instruction (s120); generating a corresponding second control instruction according to the first control instruction, wherein the second control instruction is a preset control instruction that can be parsed by at least one of the executing device (s140); and searching for, according to the first control instruction, a target executing device corresponding to the first control instruction, and sending the second control instruction to the target executing device corresponding to the first control instruction (s150). in this way, an effect of assisting the executing device in parsing an instruction issued by a user is achieved without increasing investment in improving an information receiving interface or intelligence level of the executing device.
the present disclosure provides a communication method and device, which belong to a technical field of mobile communication. the communication method includes: receiving, by a second base station, symbol configuration information of a first base station, wherein the symbol configuration information is used to indicate an upstream/downstream symbol configuration in a subframe; configuring, by the second base station, a specified symbol in a subframe of the second base station as a blank symbol according to the symbol configuration information of the first base station and symbol configuration information of the second base station, wherein the specified symbol is a symbol that is predicted to cause interference during communication; and communicating, by the second base station, according to reconfigured symbol configuration information. embodiments of the present disclosure avoid interference on the communication of the first base station on downstream symbols by configuring a symbol that is predicted to cause interference during the communication of the second base station as a blank symbol. since a symbol is a smaller time span within a subframe, as compared with related arts, the approach to configure a blank symbol may not only save subframe resources, but also would not cause too much delay in a communication progress of the second base station. therefore, communication efficiency is improved.
a process for manufacturing a silica gel extruded soft lamp strip, comprises the following steps: a. pasting led beads and other components on an fpc soft board, and performing reflow soldering; b. soldering the fpc soft board into a lengthened fpc soft board in a lead-free manual soldering manner; c. performing aging impact on the lengthened fpc soft board; d. performing pre-extrusion processing on the fpc soft board which is qualified after aging impact; e. extruding the fpc board using a solid silica gel mixture in combination with an extrusion mold, and then curing using a baking oven; and f. clipping from a connection plate position of a semi-finished product from the step e, and installing a plug so as to complete processing. the process can effectively ensure water-proof and moisture-proof properties, luminance uniformity and color temperature consistency of the led soft lamp strip, and has a high practical value.
a spiral finned condenser is provided, which comprises: a condensing pipe and a fin; the fin is spirally wound on a surface of the condensing pipe; the condensing pipe forms a cubic structure by means of a plurality of turns and bends. the condenser further comprises a fixing bracket which is clamped and fixed on the condensing pipe. the condenser has the advantages of having a small size, a compact structure and good cooling effects.
the present invention provides an anhydrous crystal of polymyxin b1 sulfate, polymyxin b2 sulfate or a mixture thereof and a preparation method thereof. the preparation method comprises using an organic solvent to precipitate a solid from a saturated solution of polymyxin b1 sulfate, polymyxin b2 sulfate or a mixture thereof, drying it under vacuum to obtain an anhydrous crystal of polymyxin b1 sulfate, polymyxin b2 sulfate or a mixture thereof.
the present invention provides a polymyxin b sulfate crystal and a preparation method thereof. said method comprises the following steps of: adsorbing a polymyxin b fermentation liquid with a resin, and adding sulfuric acid or acidic ethanol for desorbing; concentrating to obtain a saturated solution of polymyxin b sulfate; and using an organic solvent to precipitate a crystal from the saturated solution, filtering and drying to obtain the polymyxin b sulfate crystal.
a supported catalyst used for synthesizing a polyether amine, and a manufacturing method of the catalyst. the catalyst comprises: a porous oxide as a support; ni, cu, pd, and rh as active components; and one or more of any of zr, cr, mo, fe, zn, sn, bi, ce, la, hf, sr, sb, mg, be, re, ta, ti, sc, ge and related metals as an auxiliary agent. the catalyst can be used in an amination reaction for a large molecular weight polyether polyol, and is particularly active and selective for an amination reaction of a low molecular weight polyether polyol. the catalyst has a simple and economic manufacturing technique and good potential for future applications.
the present application discloses a liquid crystal display panel and a liquid crystal display apparatus. the liquid crystal display panel includes a color filter substrate, and an array substrate, formed opposite and space apart from the color filter substrate, and a photo spacer disposed between the color filter substrate and the array substrate, a side of the array substrate toward the color filter substrate is set up a contact hole, a side of the color filter substrate toward the array substrate is disposed a projection, the height of the projection is larger than the height of the photo spacer, and the top of the projection is inserted into the contact hole.
a method for arranging a vertical lifting intensive parking garage. the garage comprises a main body tower garage (101), wherein a storage rack (102) composed of a plurality of storage garage spaces (106) is arranged in the center of the main body tower garage (101); each layer of the storage rack (102) is an independent movable garage; each layer of the storage rack (102) is provided with a left and right turnover parking stall (104) and is joined to two corresponding vehicle-supporting elevators (103); and different layers of the storage rack (102) can be rotated by a suitable angle as needed so as to be joined to another two vehicle-supporting elevators (103). this arrangement method can increase the number of garage entrances and exits, reduce the waiting time for accessing vehicles, and improve access efficiency.
a linker peptide for constructing a fusion protein. the linker peptide comprises a flexible peptide and a rigid peptide. the flexible peptide consists of one or more flexible units. the rigid peptide consists of one or more rigid units. the flexible unit comprises two or more amino acid residues selected from gly, ser, ala, and thr. the rigid unit comprises a human chorionic gonadotropin -subunit carboxy-terminal peptide (ctp) bearing a plurality of glycosylation sites. the linker peptide can more effectively eliminate mutual steric hindrance of two fusion molecules, decreasing a reduction/loss of polymerization or activity resulting from improper folding of an active protein or a conformational change. on the other hand, the negatively charged, highly sialylated ctp can resist renal clearance, further prolonging a half-life of a fused molecule and enhancing bioavailability of a fused protein. furthermore, a protective effect of a glycosylated side chain ctp can lower the protease sensitivity of the linker peptide, making a linker region of the fusion protein less degradable.
the invention relates to an acrylonitrile copolymer binder and application thereof in lithium ion battery, belonging to the field of lithium ion battery. the technical problem to be solved by the invention is to provide an acrylonitrile copolymer binder comprising the following structural units in percentage by weight: 78-95% of acrylonitrile unit, 1-10% of acrylic ester unit and 2-15% of acrylamide unit. for the binder of the invention, acrylonitrile monomer is taken as the main body, and acrylic ester monomer, acrylamide monomer or acrylate monomer with strong polarity is added to acrylonitrile for copolymerization to enable the flexibility of a polymer membrane, the affinity of an electrolyte and the proper swelling degree in the electrolyte while keeping strong adhesion or intermolecular force of acrylonitrile polymer molecules, so as to fit the periodic volume changes of electrode active materials along with lithium ion intercalation / deintercalation in charging and discharging processes, thereby improving the energy density and cycle performance of the lithium ion battery.
a washing machine leg (800) with automatic leveling function and a washing machine are provided. the washing machine leg (800) comprises: a jacket (500); an adjusting leg (300), which is arranged in the jacket (500) and moves axially relative to the jacket; and a flexible assembly (200), which is arranged in the adjusting leg (300) and is used for accommodating a hydraulic medium. one end of the flexible assembly (200) is mounted in the jacket (500) in a limiting manner, and another end of the flexible assembly (200) is a telescopic end acting on the adjusting leg (300). the telescopic end of the flexible assembly (200) extends and contracts under action of the hydraulic medium to drive the adjusting leg (300) to move axially, thereby implementing automatic leveling. according to the hydraulic principle, the washing machine leg (800) is provided with the hydraulic medium, the washing machine feet can automatically adjust adaptively for different pressures due to the fluidity of the hydraulic medium, and the hydraulic medium is contained in the sealed flexible assembly (200), and the flexible assembly is arranged inside the adjusting leg (300) to effectively solve the problem of the leakage of the hydraulic medium and ensure the stability of the work of the washing machine feet.
the present invention discloses a left-and-right door opening mechanism of a refrigerator. the left-and-right door opening mechanism comprises a locking box assembly disposed on a refrigerator body and a hinge module disposed on a refrigerator door body. the hinge module comprises a first hinge and a second hinge which are respectively located on two sides of the refrigerator door body. the locking box assembly comprises a locking box body and a locking plate located in the locking box body. a first opening and a second opening are respectively formed in the left side and the right side of the locking box body. a first groove and a second groove are respectively formed in the left side and the right side of the locking plate. the locking plate moves left and right in the locking box to align the first opening with the first groove or to align the second opening with the second groove. the first hinge or the second hinge is disengaged from the first opening and the first groove or from the second opening and the second groove to realize door opening from the left side or the right side.
disclosed is an atrial appendage clip, including a first clip arm (1) and a second clip arm (2) that are symmetrically arranged; a first cavity (11) and a second cavity (21) are correspondingly provided in the first clip arm (1) and the second clip arm (2) along an axial direction thereof; a first spring (12) and a second spring (22) are correspondingly provided in the first cavity (11) and the second cavity (21); the first spring (12) is connected with the second clip arm (2) via a first pull wire (13), and the second spring (22) is connected with the first clip arm (1) via a second pull wire (23), so as to form a closed loop structure; and as the first spring (12) and the second spring (22) are stretched or compressed, the first clip arm (1) and the second clip arm (2) are opened or closed therebetween. with the design of arranging the springs (12, 22) in the clip arms (1, 2), the outline dimension of the atrial appendage clip is reduced, and extrusion and abrasion to a peripheral tissue of an atrial appendage are reduced; moreover, with the increase in the thickness of the atrial appendage, the amount of deformation of each of the springs (12, 22) increases, and thus a larger closing force can be provided; by sleeving the atrial appendage with the entire closed loop structure, the atrial appendage can be prevented from escaping from the clip arms after being pressed; and the atrial appendage clip has a skilful design, has a stable and reliable closing force, is convenient to operate, and is safe and effective.
disclosed is an atrial appendage clip delivery system, which includes a handle shell (3), a push rod (4), a connection pipe (5) and a support base (6); a passage is provided in the handle shell (3) along a length direction; one end of the push rod (4) is slidably disposed in the passage; the support base (6) is provided with a mounting window (61) for mounting an atrial appendage clip; the atrial appendage clip includes a first clip arm (1) and a second clip arm (2) capable of opening in parallel or closing in parallel; the handle shell (3), the connection pipe (5) and the support base (6) are sequentially connected and communicate; the first clip arm (1) or the second clip arm (2) is fixedly connected with an upper side or a lower side of the mounting window (61) by a fixed pull wire (8); the fixed pull wire (8) sequentially passes through the support base (6) and the connection pipe (5), and then is fixedly connected with the handle shell (3); the second clip arm (2) or the first clip arm (1) is movably connected with the lower side or the upper side of the mounting window (61) by a movable pull wire (9); and the movable pull wire (9) sequentially passes through the support base (6) and the connection pipe (5), and then is connected with an end portion of the push rod (4). with the atrial appendage clip delivery system, the atrial appendage clip can be conveniently and reliably placed from an outside of a heart to a root of a left atrial appendage to close the left atrial appendage in a thoracotomy or minimally invasive surgery.
a hot press-formed part according to an aspect of the present invention contains a predetermined chemical composition; in which a microstructure in a thickness 1/4 portion includes, by unit vol%, tempered martensite: 20% to 90%, bainite: 5% to 75%, and residual austenite: 5% to 25%, and ferrite is limited to 10% or less; and a pole density of an orientation {211}<011> in the thickness 1/4 portion is 3.0 or higher.
a heat pump system includes a compressor configured to compress a refrigerant, a heating heat exchanger configured to exchange heat between the refrigerant compressed by the compressor and a liquid heating medium, a decompression device configured to decompress the refrigerant, an evaporator configured to exchange heat between the refrigerant decompressed by the decompression device and outside air, a blower configured to blow air to the evaporator, and a control device configured to control operations of the compressor and the blower. the control device is configured to perform a condensation removal operation in which the blower is stopped and the compressor is operated after stopping an operation for heating the heating medium by driving the compressor and the blower.
a filter for a tobacco product provided with a through hole along the axial direction, including a slit on a circumference of the filter along a circumferential direction, wherein a cross-sectional area of the through hole is changed by twisting both sides in the axial direction of the filter in relatively opposite directions along the circumferential direction with the slit as a boundary. a tobacco product further has the above filter, tip paper that wraps at least a part of the filter; and a tobacco rod including shredded tobacco and connected to the filter through the tip paper.
a language learning system and a language learning program that enable learning of a plurality of languages with less-burden and smaller-costs and that implement sound and an image reflecting a performance result and which are suitable for learning a pronunciation of a foreign language are provided.a learning support server 1 which is connected to a learner terminal 3 via a network 4 has a voice storage means 21 which stores model voice of a word and a sentence that are model pronunciation with respect to a languages that is to be a learning object, a voice transmission means 11 which sends the model voice and an image corresponding to the model voice to the learner terminal 3 so as to make a learner to perceive the model voice and the image in relation to each other, a voice acquisition means 12 which acquires a learner's voice uttered by the learner by requesting the learner to speak the word and the sentence corresponding to the image and by sending the image to the learner terminal 3, a voice analysis means 13 which identifies the learner by analyzing the acquired learner's voice and at the same time, which evaluates pronunciation correctness, and an evaluation transmission means 14 which sends an image indicating an evaluation result of the pronunciation correctness to the learner terminal 3. the image does not have character information regarding the language that is to be the learning object.
a hot-rolled steel sheet includes, by mass%, c: 0.030% or more and less than 0.075%, si+al: 0.08% to 0.40%, mn: 0.5% to 2.0%, and ti: 0.020% to 0.150%, and includes a microstructure having a ferrite and a martensite. the hot-rolled steel sheet includes a microstructure having, by area%, 90% to 98% of the ferrite, 2% to 10% of the martensite, 0% to 3% of a bainite, and 0% to 3% of a pearlite. in the martensite, the number proportion of martensite grains having a hardness of 10.0 gpa or more is 10% or less, and a ratio n1/n2 of the number n1 of martensite grains having a hardness of 8.0 gpa or more and less than 10.0 gpa to the number n2 of martensite grains having a hardness of less than 8.0 gpa is 0.8 to 1.2.
the point exchange system according to the present invention enables exchange between different types of points. this system is provided with: a conversion parameter storage unit that stores a conversion parameter corresponding to a business category or a business condition; a conversion parameter setting means that sets a conversion parameter for each type of point; an actual performance data acquisition means that acquires actual performance data corresponding to a conversion parameter; an equivalent point conversion means that converts each type of point into an equivalent point on the basis of the actual performance data; and an exchange means that executes an exchange on the basis of the equivalent point.
the present invention relates to a double safety device for a quick coupler, which, in a coupling process of a quick coupler for connecting a heavy equipment attachment and an excavator, automatically prevents unintentional separation between an attachment pin and a fixed hook, and enables a locking device to be automatically operated in association with a cylinder operation for slidably moving a hitch and elastic force of first and second compression springs. the double safety device for a quick coupler according to the present invention comprises: a quick coupler body mounted to an end of an excavator arm and a push link; a fixed hook disposed on one side of the quick coupler body and coupled to a first attachment pin; a hitch disposed on the other side of the quick coupler body and engaged with or disengaged from a second attachment pin according to an operation of a hydraulic cylinder; and a locking means which is operated in association with a cylinder operation for operating the hitch, and prevents unintentional release of a coupling state between the fixed hook and the first attachment pin by compressive elastic force of first and second compression springs.
disclosed are a mobile terminal formed to be wearable on a user's wrist, and a method for controlling the same. the mobile terminal includes: a band formed to be wearable on a user's wrist and to enclose the user's wrist; a first body connected to the band; a second body formed to be detachably mounted to the first body; and a processor provided at the second body, and configured to sense a separated state of the second body from the first body, wherein if the separated second body is mounted to an external device, the processor executes a different function based on a type of the external device.
the invention relates to nuclear energy industry, in particular to evaporators used in radiochemical production, which are designed to evaporate highly active solutions, and more specifically to devices designed to create thin film in the heating chambers (evaporators), and can also be used in chemical, petrochemical and other industries.the film former contains a liner installed in the upper part of the heat exchange tube and attached to the spindle of the bellows assembly installed on the evaporator lid. the liner is provided with a tip made of a radiation-proof material that is not wettable by liquid being evaporated. the tip is made of two conjugate cones: the upper back cone and lower right cone, with the lower cone being provided with a cylindrical belt with protrusions on it, which are designed to center the conical tip on the inner surface of the heat exchange tube. a cap is mounted movably on the liner, with grooves being made on the lower end of the cap along the entire perimeter.the liner attached to the spindle of the bellows assembly is connected by fins with adjacent liners installed in heat exchange tubes.the technical result consists in remote control of the film thickness of the liquid flowing through the heat exchange tubes.
the invention relates to a dome- or sphere-shaped multipurpose building, which is a prefabricated quickly erected structure and can be used for erecting the buildings of various functional purpose, of different number of storeys, both warm and cold, including residential buildings, cottages, industrial, administrative, sport, agricultural, warehouse, temporary portable buildings, arch structures, atrium roof, atrium room, located above the top floor of a building. technical result of the claimed invention is to reduce the material consumption, installation time, increase the strength and stability of the building, including under conditions of asymmetrical and dynamic loads, and to increase energy efficiency and translucence of the building. the miltipurpose dome-shaped building comprises a bearing frame having a base and an apex in the form of polygons of different perimeters, a roof in the apex of the bearing frame coated with a facing material, wherein the bearing frame is made in the form of at least three pyramidal volumetric trusses arranged symmetrically with respect to the base center and rigidly connected to each other in the upper part by at least one horizontal beam, and wherein the volumetric trusses are arranged in such a way that the horizontal distance between closest posts of neighboring volumetric trusses remains the same over the entire height from the base and up to the top of the neighboring trusses.
the invention relates to suspension design. the present vehicle suspension comprises a quadrangular frame. each corner portion of the frame has a wheel block kinematically attached thereto so as to form two pairs of wheels - a front pair and a rear pair. on each side of the frame, longitudinal and transverse coupling cables are attached and adapted to move therealong inside housings. each wheel block consists of a body that is simultaneously connected to two coupling cables. movably mounted on the body are parallel horizontal arms, the first of which is attached to the body by its middle portion. a knuckle with the hub of a wheel is attached to an end of the first arm and to another end of the second arm, and two coupling cable dampers are attached to the other end of the first arm. the housings of the cables are attached to the body of the corresponding wheel block. the free end of each cable is enclosed in a damper. mounted on the cable end portions that freely project from the housings in front of a damper are spring stabilizers of the wheel position of the wheel block. each coupling cable is provided with a linear actuator. the result is an increase in the stability and smoothness of movement of a vehicle.
the present invention relates to biomedical experiment equipment, and particularly relates to a laboratory rodent holder. the rodent holder employs shape-modeling wire frames and multiple adjustment components for varying the positions of the shape-modeling wire frames, or is provided with wire frames for different rodent shapes. the rodent holder comprises a frame body (7) of a rod frame structure. the present invention enables adaptation to various rodent shapes and sizes, facilitates operation, and provides a large exposed body portion of a wake laboratory rodent in a laboratory environment, thus being suitable for multiple types of rodent experiments. additional components providing support in a reverse direction increase flexibility during use. the present invention provides potentially operable locations nearly over the entire body surface of a rodent. a support plane or support horizontal rod (22) provides support to a rodent before and after an experiment, and is easy to assemble or disassemble. furthermore, a magnifier (5) placed at a tail holding portion improves a visual environment for operations. the holder of the present invention provides operational convenience during the entirety of an experiment process on a rodent, has a simple and unique structure, and facilitates manufacturing, assembly, and use thereof.
provided is a solid phase carrier capable of improving detection sensitivity, and a detection device. the solid phase carrier is provided with a polydimethylsiloxane layer with an initiator on the surface, and titanium dioxide particles distributed in said polydimethylsiloxane layer with an initiator on the surface.
embodiments of this application relate to the field of communications technologies, and disclose a service setup method and a device, to resolve a problem that because a radio resource is forcibly allocated to ue after a service setup request is received, a service cannot be normally executed. a specific solution is: receiving, by an access network device, a first setup request; sending a first setup response to a first core network device or a first service application server, where the first setup response is used to indicate that the access network device accepts the first setup request; when radio channel quality of a first cell of a first network in which ue is located does not satisfy a service requirement of a first service carried in the first setup request, sending a first notification message to the first core network device or the first service application server, or handing over the ue to a second cell of the first network, or handing over the ue to a third cell of a second network, where the first notification message is used to indicate that the radio channel quality of the first cell does not satisfy the service requirement of the first service. this application is applied to a service setup process.
a horizontal gas-liquid separator (100) for an air conditioner includes a housing (10) and a refrigerant inlet pipe (120). the housing (10) defines a cavity (110). the cavity (110) has a gas outlet (111) formed in the top of the cavity (110) and a liquid outlet (112) formed in the bottom of the cavity (110). a minimum distance between the gas outlet (111) and a left sidewall of the cavity (110) is denoted by l1, and a minimum distance between the liquid outlet (112) and the left sidewall of the cavity (110) is denoted by l2. the refrigerant inlet pipe (120) is located on a left side wall of the housing (10) and has an end extending into the cavity (10). a distance between an end face of the end of the refrigerant inlet pipe (120) and the left sidewall of the cavity (110) is denoted by l3, and l3≥l1, l3≥l2.
the present application relates to a self-adaptive software background update method and device. the method includes: monitoring a tcp download request in a system, after the system starts up; filtering a download request of a network video and a download request of a system update software from the tcp download request, when the download request of the network video and the download request of the system update software exist simultaneously in the tcp download request; downloading and playing the network video under a tcp link according to the download request of the network video, and obtaining a data cache amount of the network video; starting up downloading the system update software according to the download request of the system update software; controlling a download rate of system update. the present application provides a maximum network download bandwidth for software update under the premise of smooth viewing of the network video, effectively solves the occupation of bandwidth resources by the network video playback and the software update, and improves the user experience.
a refrigerator door (100) and a method of manufacturing the same. the refrigerator door (100) comprises a frame (1), a glass panel (2) disposed at an outer side of the frame (1), and a logo display device (3) disposed between the glass panel (2) and the frame (1). a transparent logo display area (21) is provided on the glass panel (2). the logo display device (3) comprises a light-emitting component (31) and a one-way vision film (32). the light-emitting component (31) is disposed on one side of the logo display area (21) towards the frame (1). the one-way vision film (32) is disposed between the logo display area (21) and the light-emitting component (31). the method of manufacturing the refrigerator door (100) controls a printing error within 0.5mm. the logo of the refrigerator door (100) can emit light, has sharp and clear display, and is elegant in appearance.
the invention relates to a device that allows for the automatic posology and administration of drugs, which comprises: a control unit (1) and one or more dispensing modules (2) that can be connected to each other and to the control unit (1), and in which a dispensing cartridge (3) is housed, as well as an extractor device (4) which can be manual or electromechanical, wherein the control unit comprises the necessary means for:- programming the hour and minute for supplying the drug of each dispensing module (2);- notifying, by means of an acoustic and/or light and/or vibratory alarm, that there is a drug to be taken;- verifying that the drug to be taken has indeed been removed to be taken;- checking whether the cartridge loaded in each module corresponds to the drug assigned;- and giving instructions for supplying the quantity of units to be supplied in each dose for each module if an extractor device is included.
an acceleration voltage generator (7) generates a high-voltage pulse to be applied to a push-out electrode (11), by operating a switch section (74) to turn on and off a high direct-current voltage generated by a high-voltage power supply (75). a drive pulse signal is supplied from a controller (6) to the switch section (74) through a primary-side drive section (71), transformer (72), and secondary-side drive section (73). a primary-voltage controller (61) receives a measurement result of an ambient temperature of the acceleration voltage generator (7) from a temperature sensor (77), and controls a primary-side power supply (76) to change a primary-side voltage according to the temperature, thereby adjusting the voltage to be applied between the two ends of a primary winding of the transformer (72). a change in the ambient temperature causes a change in characteristics of, for example, a mosfet in the switch section (74), and also causes a discrepancy in a timing of rise/fall of the high-voltage pulse. the adjustment made on the primary-side voltage, however, changes a slope angle of rise of a gate voltage in the mosfet, and enables a correction to the discrepancy in the timing of the rise/fall of the high-voltage pulse. as a result, a high level of mass accuracy can be achieved regardless of the ambient temperature.
a management device (181) calculates, from access information transmitted from a token terminal (121) and a site seed assigned to a server (161), a user seed, and registers the user seed in the token terminal (121). the token terminal (121) obtains a share seed to be shared with the server (161) independently therefrom, calculates a key code from the share seed and the user seed, and presents the key code to the user. when the user enters the key code to an access terminal (141), the access terminal (141) transmits, to the server (161), a request having the key code specified. the server (161) obtains access information relating to the transmitted request, calculates a checkup seed from the access information and the site seed assigned to the server (161), obtains a share seed independently from the token terminal (121), calculates a checkup code from the share seed and the checkup seed, and sets a necessary condition for sign-in that is consistent between the key code and the checkup code.
a carbon dioxide supply device includes an accumulation unit, an accumulation flow path, a supply flow path, and a control unit. the accumulation unit accumulates carbon dioxide included in an exhaust gas produced by heating in a greenhouse for cultivating plants. the accumulation flow path guides the exhaust gas to the accumulation unit. the supply flow path guides air to the greenhouse via the accumulation unit. the control unit executes accumulation control and supply control. in the accumulation control, carbon dioxide included in the exhaust gas produced by heating during a heating period is accumulated in the accumulation unit. in the supply control, air is guided through the supply flow path during a non-heating period, and carbon dioxide accumulated in the accumulation unit is supplied to the greenhouse. further, during the heating period, if a start condition is satisfied during the accumulation control, a refill process is executed wherein the supply control and the accumulation control are executed alternately.
a capacitance detection apparatus is provided with: a parallel circuit in which a first series circuit and a second series circuit are connected in parallel, wherein a tested body and a first resistance element are connected at a first node in the first series circuit, and a reference capacitance element and a second resistance element are connected at a second node in the second series circuit; a power supply circuit configured to apply an alternating current voltage with a specific frequency to the parallel circuit; an inductor element connected between the first node and the second node and configured to increase a phase difference in the voltage with the specific frequency between the first and second nodes; and an output device configured to output an electric signal corresponding to a capacitance of the tested body on the basis of the phase difference.
a manufacturing method for hydrogen peroxide solution that decomposes over time and that uses a small device. to solve the above issues, the hydrogen peroxide solution manufacturing method includes: generating plasma by performing electrical discharge into an inert gas under an atmosphere purged using inert gas, and ejecting the generated plasma into water.
a plasma emitting device capable of controlling plasma applied to an application target body to a constant level. the plasma emitting device includes at least one of: a plasma emitting device configured to eject plasma; a container arranged such that at least a plasma emission port of the plasma emitting device is inside the container; and a gas sensor configured to measure an atmosphere inside the container.
disclosed is a mobile terminal comprising: a housing including a rear case positioned on a rear surface thereof and a side case positioned on a side surface thereof; a display unit disposed on a front surface of the housing; and a wireless communication unit, mounted on the main board, for processing a radio signal, wherein the side case includes a first metal part and a second metal part formed in a layered structure and spaced apart in the thickness direction of the first metal part and the housing , wherein the first metal part and the second metal part extend to a first side surface of the housing and to at least a portion of a second side surface and a third side surface located on the right and left sides of the first side surface, wherein at least one of the first metal part and the second metal part is connected to the wireless communication unit to transmit and receive an rf signal. the performance of the mobile terminal can be secured even when the performance of a mobile communication antenna is expanded and thus the mobile terminal is adjacent.
this application provides a charging protection method, a terminal, and a charger. the terminal obtains a parameter from the charger, including at least one of an input voltage value and an output current value of the charger and a temperature value of a charging output port of the charger. when a parameter value is greater than a threshold, the terminal terminates a charging process based on a relationship between a corresponding threshold and at least one of a difference between the output current value of the charger and an input current value of the terminal, a power loss from the charger to the terminal, and a temperature value (including the temperature value of the charging output port of the charger and a temperature value of a charging input port of the terminal). a charging port can be prevented from being overheated, and a probability that an overheated charging port causes an accident can be effectively decreased.
the present invention provides a method for discovering a bluetooth device and a bluetooth device. the method includes: receiving, by a second bluetooth device, a first broadcast frame of a first bluetooth device; determining, by the second bluetooth device, whether the first broadcast frame includes first indication information; and if the first broadcast frame includes the first indication information, sending, by the second bluetooth device, at least one second broadcast frame within a preset time period after receiving the first broadcast frame, where the second broadcast frame includes second indication information, and the second indication information is used to instruct a bluetooth device receiving the second broadcast frame to exchange information with the second bluetooth device. in embodiments of the present invention, after receiving the broadcast frame including the first indication information, the second bluetooth device sends the second broadcast frame, so as to instruct another bluetooth device receiving the second broadcast frame to exchange information with the second bluetooth device. this avoids that the second bluetooth device keeps broadcasting, reduces power consumption of the second bluetooth device, and protects privacy of the second bluetooth device.
this application provides a vehicle right-of-way management method and apparatus, and a terminal. the method includes: determining a used right-of-way level of a first vehicle according to function information of the first vehicle, where the used right-of-way level of the first vehicle includes a right-of-way level that the management device allows the first vehicle to use; and scheduling a road resource for the first vehicle according to the used right-of-way level of the first vehicle. in technical solutions provided in embodiments of this application, the management device can allocate different used right-of-way levels to vehicles with different functions according to function information of the vehicles, and schedule and allocate road resources by means of overall planning for the vehicles in a transportation system according to the used right-of-way levels of the vehicles, to improve safety and passing efficiency of the vehicles in the transportation system.
embodiments of the present invention provide a communication method. the method is applied to a random access process and includes: receiving indication information sent by a network device, where the indication information includes at least one piece of the following information: access probability information of each of a plurality of carriers, access control information of at least one of the plurality of carriers, overload indication information of at least one of the plurality of carriers, power boost information of at least one of the plurality of carriers, and access indication information of one of the plurality of carriers; and determining, based on the indication information, one carrier from the plurality of carriers as a target carrier to perform random access. therefore, by receiving the indication information sent by the network side and determining, based on the indication information, the carrier for performing random access, user equipment can determine the target carrier from the plurality of carriers to perform random access, thereby facilitating load balancing.
disclosed in an embodiment of the invention are a method and device for transmitting a signal. the method comprises: a first device determining, according to a base parameter set and/or an operating frequency band used to transmit signals, the number of wave beams used to transmit the signals, or determining a number of the transmitted signals n, where n is a positive integer; and the first device transmitting, according to the number of wave beams or the number of the transmitted signals n, the signals with a second device. the method and device of the embodiment of the invention can flexibly determine, according to a transmission characteristic between a terminal device and a network, the number of wave beams used to transmit signals, or determine the number of the transmitted signals, thereby obtaining better beamforming gain.
a to-be-classified data generating unit (11) generating to-be-classified data from pieces of sensor data collected from an apparatus; a division candidate selecting unit (12) selecting, as division candidates, candidates of boundary lines used to divide a value range of the to-be-classified data generated by the to-be-classified data generating unit (11); and a connection density calculating unit (13) calculating, for each division candidate selected by the division candidate selecting unit (12), a connection density representing closeness of collection timings between pieces of the to-be-classified data divided by each division candidate are provided. further, a classifying unit (14) extracting division candidates to be used for classifying the operational statuses from among the division candidates using the connection density calculated by the connection density calculating unit, and classifying the to-be-classified data into respective operational statuses by dividing the value range of the to-be-classified data using the extracted division candidates (13) is provided.
a sounding reference signal sending method and user equipment are disclosed. the method includes the following steps: receiving a configuration parameter of a sounding reference signal srs, and determining, based on the configuration parameter, a time-frequency resource occupied by the srs, where the configuration parameter includes a trigger type, a period parameter, and a time-frequency resource location identifier; obtaining a power control parameter of the srs, and calculating, based on the power control parameter and a preset calculation formula, a transmit power for sending the srs; and sending the srs on the time-frequency resource at the transmit power. the trigger type includes beamforming and non-beamforming. the period parameter is an identifier used to indicate that the srs is sent periodically or aperiodically. according to the present invention, a beamformed srs is used, so that a coverage distance of the srs is increased, and interference to a neighboring cell is reduced, thereby improving effectiveness of sending the srs.
embodiments of the present invention provide a power amplifier, a radio remote unit rru, and a base station. a multiphase pulse width modulator performs modulation to generate n multiphase pulse-width modulation pwm signals; the multiphase pulse-width modulation pwmn signal is amplified; the multiphase pulse-width modulation pwmn signal is filtered; and combination is performed at a drain or a collector of a power amplifier transistor. according to the new radio frequency amplifier provided in this application, envelope feeding loop inductance can be effectively reduced, so that video bandwidth is increased and dpd correction performance is improved.
embodiments of the present invention relate to a communication method and a terminal. the method includes: receiving, by a first terminal, first information on a first channel, where the first information carries at least one first sequence of a second terminal, the first terminal supports a first transmission technology, the second terminal supports a second transmission technology, and the first sequence of the second terminal is used to indicate that the first channel is used by a terminal that supports the second transmission technology; determining, by the first terminal, first indication information based on the first sequence; and sending, by the first terminal, the first indication information on the first channel, where the first indication information is used to indicate that the first channel is used by the terminal that supports the second transmission technology. according to the communication method provided in the embodiments of the present invention, terminals that support different transmission technologies can better coexist on a plurality of shared channels, and interference between the different transmission technologies can be avoided.
provided are a method and device for encoding or decoding a luma block and a chroma block. an image decoding method and device according to an embodiment include an image decoding method including obtaining, from a bitstream, partitioning information for a luma block; partitioning a current luma block in at least one direction, thus partitioning the current luma block into at least two luma blocks, when the partitioning information indicates that the current luma block is to be partitioned to a next level, and obtaining, from the bitstream, merge information about a current chroma block corresponding to the current luma block; performing decoding on the current luma block when the partitioning information indicates that the current luma block is not to be partitioned; partitioning the current chroma block into at least two chroma blocks corresponding to the at least two luma blocks when the partitioning information indicates that the current luma block is to be partitioned to the next level; and performing decoding on the current chroma block when the partitioning information indicates that the current luma block is not to be partitioned or the merge information indicates that the partitioning of the current chroma block is to be discontinued.
provided is a novel wireless brassiere that prevents cups from slipping upward and allows a wearer's breasts to be pushed toward the sternum and then lifted so as to create natural and beautiful cleavage lines in the decollete area without deforming the breasts. a woman's undergarment (a) includes: a pair of cups (12); a center cover piece (13) that has a substantially triangular shape whose oblique sides (13b) are each sewn to an oblique side sewing portion (12e) of one of the left and right cups (12) that extends from a connection point (p0) at which the left and right cups (12) are connected at inner ends thereof to a middle point (p1) of a lower edge (12a) of the one of the left and right cups (12); a front panel (14) that is provided along, and at a predetermined distance from, a line connecting a bottom side (13a) of the center cover piece (13) and lower edge underarm-side portions (12d) of the left and right cups (12) each extending from the middle point (p1) of the lower edge (12a) to an outer end (p2) of the lower edge (12a); a stretchable tape (17) that is provided between the front panel (14) and the line connecting the bottom side (13a) of the center cover piece (13) and the lower edge underarm-side portions (12d) and is sewn to the front panel (14), the bottom side (13a) of the center cover piece (13), and the lower edge underarm-side portions (12d) so as to connect the front panel (14), the bottom side (13a), and the lower edge underarm-side portions (12d); a back panel (16) that is connected to the front panel (14) or hooked belts (16') that are connected to the front panel (14); and shoulder straps (20) that are sewn to the cups (12) and the back panel (16) or the belts (16').
provided is a gas fuel piping system in which even if pipes for supplying gas fuel and the like are damaged, leakage of the gas fuel, etc., into the engine room can be reliably prevented, and the pipes and the like can be easily and reliably inspected.the present invention provides a gas fuel piping system 10 for supplying gas fuel to a diesel engine 3 comprising a supply pipe 31 and a vent pipe 32, each of which has a double-pipe structure, the gas fuel piping system 10 comprising a supply pipeline 21 for sending the gas fuel to the diesel engine 3, a vent pipeline 22 for sending vent gas from the diesel engine 3, a first duct 26 covering the supply pipeline 21 in an engine room 2, and a second duct 27 covering the vent pipeline 22 in the engine room 2. a supply outer pipe 312 of the supply pipe 31, and a vent outer pipe 322 of the vent pipe 32 extend to the inside of the first duct 26 or the second duct 27, and the end of the supply outer pipe 312 is provided with a rupture disk 40 in the first duct 26 or the second duct 27.
provided are a communication method and devices, which enable the transmission power of a terminal device to allocated in a reasonable manner. the method comprises: when a transmission power available for sending a first channel or signal within a first time period within a time unit is less than a target transmission power for the first channel or signal, a terminal device determines whether a power less than the target transmission power can be used to send the first channel or signal within the first time period, the transmission power available for sending the first channel or signal within the first time period within the time unit being different from a power available for sending the first channel or signal within at least one other time period; upon determining that a power less that the target transmission power can be used to send the first channel or signal within the first time period, the terminal device sends the first channel or signal according to the transmission power available for sending the first channel or signal within the first time period.
the multiband filter includes a printed circuit board (10), a first filter (20), a second filter (30) having an outer dimension different from that of the first filter (20) and passband frequencies higher than those of the first filter, an input terminal (61), an output terminal (62), a first inductor (50), a first capacitor (40), which are connected except the first capacitor by signal line conductor patterns (13) to form a first transmission line, which connect the second filter (30), the input terminal (61), the output terminal (62), and the first capacitor (40) to form a second transmission line, a part thereof in the first transmission line being arranged in an area on the printed circuit board (10), formed by the difference between the outer dimensions of the first and the second filters (20) and (30), to achieve desirable passbands and enough attenuation in a suppression band outside the passbands.
embodiments of the present application provide a random access method and device, which can enable a terminal device to accurately determine its random access response (rar). the method comprises: a terminal device sends a random access request message to a network device, the random access request message carrying a random access preamble; determine a random access-radio network temporary identifier (ra-rnti) according to at least one of information of a resource occupied by the random access request message, information of a resource occupied by an rar to be monitored, other signals borne by a resource occupied by the rar to be monitored, and information, apart from the random access preamble, carried in the random access request message; monitor, by using the ra-rnti, the rar to be monitored which is sent by the network device.
disclosed are a control channel transmission method, a network device and a terminal device. the method comprises: a first network device receiving first information, which is sent by a second network device, comprising information for indicating a first time-frequency resource; the first network device determining a second time-frequency resource in a control region of a second beam, the second time-frequency resource comprising at least part of the first time-frequency resource; the first network device receiving second information sent by the second network device, the second information comprising a control channel; and the first network device sending, on the second time-frequency resource, the control channel to a terminal device via the second beam, wherein a first beam is a service beam of a first terminal device, and the second beam is a non-service beam potentially interfering with the service beam of the first terminal device. in the control channel transmission method of the present application, a non-service beam is used to assist a service beam to transmit a control channel, so that the interference of the non-service beam can be avoided, joint transmission can be achieved, and the reception performance of the control channel can be enhanced.
a package (10) for surgical sutures comprises a base member (12) having a top surface (20), a bottom surface, an outer periphery (24), and a longitudinal axis. an outer wall (30) extends upwardly from the periphery (24) of said base member (12), said outer wall (30) having an inner surface, an outer surface and a top, said inner surface of the outer wall (30) being a profiled surface consisting of a plurality of bulges (38) extending from the top surface (20) of the base member (12). an inner wall (40) extends upwardly from the top surface (20) of said base member (12), said inner wall (40) having an inner surface, an outer surface, and a top. there is a suture channel cover member (14) having a top surface, a bottom surface, and an outer periphery (74), the outer periphery (74) having a profiled surface corresponding to the profiled inner surface of the outer wall (30) of the base member (12). an opening in the outer edge of the cover member (14) forms a suture port having a first end and a second end. the suture track area (16) to retain suture is formed in between the inner surface of the outer wall (30) and the outer surface of the inner wall (40) of the base member (12). the cover member (14) has a recessed area (80) in its middle, said recessed area (80) having an outer periphery corresponding to the inner surface of the inner wall (40) of the base member (12).
aspects of the application relate to a computer-implemented method, a computer program product and a computer system for configuring an adapter. in particular, the method comprises receiving code of the adapter. the method further comprises determining dependencies from the code, wherein at least one of the dependencies includes library code and a version of the library code. the method further comprises deriving a control flow graph from the code and the dependencies. the method further comprises determining, from the control flow graph, an adapter type of the adapter, wherein the adapter type specifies how the adapter processes messages. the method further comprises determining at least one implementation of at least one adapter task based on the control flow graph. when the determined implementation is not annotated in the code or the control flow graph, the method includes annotating the control flow graph to specify the implementation. the method further comprises generating a configuration gui using the annotated control flow graph and the adapter type. the method further comprises performing a configuration task on the adapter according to input received via the configuration gui.
the present invention relates to a photodegradable hydrogel or organogel which is used for manufacturing a patterned article, a method for degrading the photodegradable hydrogel or organogel, a corresponding patterned article, as well as the use of such a patterned article in microengineering, e.g. for three-dimensional cell culturing, for drug delivery, or for tissue-engineering.
the present invention relates to a compound, which can be used in the prevention and treatment of infections with pathogenic neisseria species, in particular n. gonorrhoeae and n. meningitidis (the gonococcus and the meningococcus, respectively), and other pathogenic bacteria (e.g. haemophilus species or moraxella catarrhalis ), and which can be used for disinfecting a substrate from said bacteria. moreover, the present invention relates to a corresponding pharmaceutical composition comprising said compound.
a cartridge (3) and a nebulizer (1) for nebulizing a fluid as well as a method for fluidically connecting the cartridge to the nebulizer are proposed. the cartridge comprises a closure (21) with a valve (29), wherein the valve displaces fluid into the nebulizer when opened. further, the cartridge forms two axially spaced sealings (s1, s5,s6) with the nebulizer when connected.
a web manufacturing supervision system for monitoring properties of a web (1) being transported in a moving direction (md) during a web manufacturing process, comprisesa) a radiation source (2, 2') for illuminating a first spot (21) on the web;b) a tunable first detector (31) for capturing signal radiation emanating from said first spot within a signal wavelength band; said signal wavelength band being adjustable to one of at least a first wavelength band and a second wavelength band;c) a second detector (32) for capturing reference radiation emanating from said first spot within a reference wavelength band;d) control means (4) for alternatingly tuning the signal wavelength band to the first wavelength band and the second wavelength band.
the present invention relates to a system and a method for encoding a video stream. the encoding includes determining a level of relevance for areas in an image frame to be included in the video stream, determining a block size value for coding blocks in the image frame, the block size value is depending on the level of relevance determined for the area including each coding block, respectively, encoding the image frame using coding block sizes based on the determined block size values for each of the coding blocks.
a method for optimization of video bitrate of a given content, the method comprising the steps of: receiving (401) of a background data stream (102), having the lowest bitrate within a set of available streams for the given content and being created by compressing a complete source content (100) having the highest bitrate; starting reception (402) of a foreground data stream (101) wherein the video content of said foreground data stream (101) covers only a part of the complete source content (100) and has a higher bitrate than said lowest bitrate; verifying (403) whether it is possible to receive and present the foreground data stream (101) within a predefined threshold delay; presenting (404) a blended foreground data stream (101) on top of the background data stream (102).
a roller guide assembly (1) for an elevator device. the roller guide assembly comprises a body (2) for mounting to a frame (4) of the elevator device, at least two roller wheels (5) mounted to the body (2), and an anti-tilt sliding guide shoe (6). the body (2) comprises a first body member (8), the first body member (8) comprising a first portion (9) having said first mounting means (3) for mounting the first body member (8) detachably to the frame (4), the first portion (9) further having second mounting means (10) for detachable attachment of a temporary sliding guide shoe (11) to be used for accurate positioning of the first body member (8) relative to the guide rail (r) during installing or maintenance, the temporary sliding shoe being removed after installation or maintenance and a second portion (13) which is perpendicular to the first portion (9) and having third mounting means (14) the body (2) comprises a second body member (15) to which the roller wheels (5) are mounted, the second body member (15) being detachably mountable by the third mounting means (14) to the second portion (13) of the first body member (8), the second body member (15) having fourth mounting means (16) for detachable mounting of the anti-tilt sliding guide shoe (6) onto the second body member. installation and maintenance methods of the roller guide assembly (1) are included.
this application relates to methods and apparatus for powering microcontrollers (104), in particular for powering microcontrollers of a personal care product, such as a shaver product (107). the microcontroller is arranged such that a first output port (206-1) of a plurality of output ports of the microcontroller receives, in use, an ac waveform. each output port has an associated high-side switch (207) electrically connected between the output port and a high-side dc voltage rail and an associated low-side switch (208) electrically connected between the output port and a low-side dc voltage rail. a processing module (202) of the microcontroller is configured to monitor a phase of the ac waveform and to control switching of the associated high-side and low-side switches of the first output port based on the phase of the ac waveform so as to provide a rectified voltage between the high-side dc voltage rail and the low-side voltage rail. the processing module (202) also controls switching of the associated switches of at least a further output port to output a control signal for controlling at least one aspect of operation of a host device.
disclosed is a load carrier foot (2) for supporting a load bar (300) on a vehicle. the load carrier foot (2) comprises a supporting member (202) mountable to the load bar (300), a coupling member (6) for coupling the load carrier foot to the vehicle and a tightening mechanism (500) for tightening the coupling member (6). the tightening mechanism (500) force transmittingly couples the coupling member (6) with the supporting member by means of a force distribution member (510). the force distribution member (510) is configured to transfer a received input force on at least two force application sections (62, 252) while being translatory movably held with respect to each force application section (62, 252).
disclosed are a load carrier foot (2) for supporting a load bar (300) on a vehicle, a load carrier bracket (700) for coupling a load carrier foot (2) to a vehicle and a load carrier comprising such a load carrier foot (2) and a load carrier bracket (700). the load carrier foot (2) comprises a holder (6) adapted to receive the load carrier bracket (700). the holder (6) comprises a sleeve portion (600) defining an accommodating space which is configured to partially accommodate the load carrier bracket.
the elevator comprises a car (10) moving upwards and downwards in an elevator shaft (20) and a main control unit (400). the car comprises at least one car door (12) operated by a door operator (15) and the shaft comprises landing doors (22). the method comprises registering the arrival of the car to a predetermined door zone (z1) and to a predetermined levelling zone (z3) at a landing (l1, l2) and controlling the door operator to start opening of the car doors (12) and the landing doors when the car arrives to the door zone. the method is characterized by controlling the door operator to perform the opening of the car doors and the landing doors in two separate consecutive stages comprising a first stage starting when the car arrives to the door zone and a second stage starting when the car has stopped within the levelling zone, whereby passage to and from the car is allowed only in the second stage.
according to an example aspect of the present invention, there is provided a method, comprising: receiving user information provided by a user equipment, associating spatiotemporal information with the user information on the basis of location of at least one wireless access network device in communication with the user equipment, generating a proof of location indication transaction associated with the user information on the basis of the spatiotemporal information, and providing the proof of location indication transaction to a distributed ledger.
disclosed is a load carrier foot (2) for supporting a load bar (300) on a vehicle (1). the load carrier foot (2) comprises a locking mechanism (200) for releasably locking the load bar (300) on the load carrier foot (2). furthermore, the locking mechanism (200) is configured to automatically return into a locking state in which the load bar is locked on the load carrier foot.
a needle insertion and retraction mechanism for an injection or infusion device is presented which comprises: a needle holder for holding a needle or cannula and a needle control element which is rotatable around a first axis. the needle control element has a groove positioned at a first distance from a surface of the needle control element that is perpendicular to the first axis, and a gearing positioned at a second distance. the mechanism further has a cam-shaft which is rotatable around a second axis that is parallel to the first axis and comprises a protrusion engaging the groove of the needle control element to form a link-motion. the needle control element is initially prevented from rotation by the link-motion, thereby keeping the needle holder in abutment with an arrester and thereby keeping the needle holder in a needle retracted position against the bias of a spring force.the needle control element has the gearing positioned at a second distance from the surface of the needle control element and the cam-shaft comprises a gear wheel for engaging the gearing of the needle control element.
the present disclosure relates to a leg rest release mechanism (1) for a wheelchair, wherein the leg rest release mechanism (1) comprises: a base member (3) having a base portion (3a) and an elongated axle portion (3b) extending from the base portion (3a), a leg rest swivel frame (5) in swivel connection with the axle portion (3b) to enable swivelling of the leg rest swivel frame (5) relative to the axle portion (3b), and a release member (7) having a lifting handle (7a), wherein the release member (7) extends through the leg rest swivel frame (5) and wherein the release member (7) is biased to engage with the base portion (3a) to thereby lock the leg rest swivel frame (5) in a fixed position relative to the base member (3), wherein the release member (7) is configured to disengage from the base portion (3a) by pulling of the lifting handle (7a), whereby the leg rest swivel frame (5) is enabled to swivel relative to the base member (3).
a fastening connector for securing two components together by means of a screw thread is provided. the fastening connector comprises a first component (2) having a male screw thread adapted to be screwed into a female screw thread on a second component (4), each component having a frusto-conical surface (30, 32) having an angle. a difference in the angle of the frusto-conical surface (30) of the first component (2) and the frusto-conical surface (32) of the second component is less than 30 so that when the first component (2) is screwed to the second component (4) with a predetermined minimum torque the frusto-conical surfaces (30, 32) are brought into contact over a predetermined area of the frusto-conical surfaces (30, 32) to form a fluid tight seal between the first component (2) and the second component (4).
the present invention relates to a method for reducing the amount of organic compounds in wastewater, comprising providing a wastewater comprising nacl in a concentration of at least 6% (w/v), contacting said hypersaline wastewater with a halophilic microorganism, and reducing the amount of organic compounds by said halophilic microorganism in the presence of at least one substrate which has been added to the wastewater and which allows for the growth of said halophilic microorganism, wherein the reduction of the amount of organic components is carried out as a continuous process in bioreactor.
the arrangement comprises a counterweight (41) movably supported in an elevator shaft (20), a buffer unit (100) below the counterweight (41) movably supported in the elevator shaft, at least one safety gear (70) fixedly connected to the buffer unit, and buffers (110, 120) between the counterweight and the buffer unit. the counter weight and the buffer unit are movable in relation to each other.
an apparatus is disclosed, configured to receive, from first and second spatial audio capture apparatuses, respective first and second composite audio signals comprising components derived from one or more sound sources in a capture space. the apparatus is further configured to identify a position of a user device corresponding to one of first and second areas respectively associated with the positions of the first and second spatial audio capture apparatuses, and to render audio representing the one or more sound sources to the user device, the rendering being performed differently dependent on, for the spatial audio capture apparatus associated with the identified first or second area, whether or not individual audio signals from each of the one or more sound sources can be successfully separated from its composite signal.
housing (10) of a closed circuit breathing apparatus (200), comprising a primary wall (20) covering a component space (30) for receiving breathing components (210) of the closed circuit breathing apparatus (200), further comprising a secondary wall (40) covering a device space (50) at least partly inside of the component space (30) and sealed against the component space (30) for receiving an electric device (100), wherein the device space (50) comprises a device opening (52) to the surrounding of the housing (10) for inserting the electric device (100).
an i/q imbalance calibration method includes: sequentially inputting a first in-phase and quadrature signals calibration signal to a front-end circuit of the transmitter system to acquire and estimate a first and second calibration signal strengths sequentially, wherein a delta estimation is adopted; calculating an i/q gain imbalance according to estimated first and second calibration signal strengths; sequentially inputting a second in-phase calibration signal and both of the second in-phase and quadrature calibration signal to the front-end circuit of the transmitter system to acquire and estimate a third and fourth calibration signal strengths sequentially, wherein an i/q gain imbalance compensation is formed on the first in-phase and quadrature calibration signals to generate the second in-phase and quadrature calibration signals; and calculating an i/q phase imbalance according to estimated third and fourth calibration signal strengths.
the present disclosure relates to an access security system and method, for example for securing access to data, objects or locations. according to one aspect there is provided a computer-implemented access security method , the method comprising: receiving, at a processor, a first authentication credential from a near-field communication, 'nfc' reader; generating a one-time token, at the processor, in dependence on the first authentication credential, the one-time token being in a form which is capable of reproduction by a user; and outputting the one-time token via an interface for use as an authentication credential in an access procedure. other aspects relate to a user device for implementing such a method, a computer program product for storing instructions which, when executed, cause such a method to be implemented, and a system in which such a method can be used.
there is provided an inductor (5) having a coil (10) enclosing at least a part of a core (15, 20, 70, 90). a sensor (40) senses a current when flowing in the coil (10). the core comprises a first part (15), and a second part (20, 70, 90) comprising a movable metal part mounted relative to the first part (15) of the core such that the second movable metal part (20, 70, 90) is separated from the first part (15) of the core by an air gap (25, 30). a least a portion of the second part (20, 70, 90) is arranged to move relative to the first part (15), thereby to vary the magnetic permeability of the core (15, 20, 70, 90), according to an output of the sensor (40). in this way, if the output of the sensor (40) indicates an onset of saturation of the core (15, 20, 70, 90), the magnetic permeability of the core (15, 20, 70, 90) may be reduced by such movement. a method for varying the magnetic permeability of an inductor core (15, 20, 70, 90) is also provided.
the present disclosure relates to a computer-implemented method for facilitating control system testing, and interfacing with an external dynamic process model by means of a test and simulation tool, the control system comprising a plurality of control module aspect types, each control module aspect type being one of a control module type and a field device signal type, wherein the method comprises: c) receiving, via an i/o port of the test and simulation tool, control module aspect type data from a control module aspect type of the control system, d) converting the control module aspect type data to simplified control module aspect type data based on the control module aspect type, e) providing the simplified control module aspect type data to a simplified general control module aspect type, the simplified general control module aspect type being a simplified representation of the control module aspect type, and f) performing a feedback simulation using the simplified general control module aspect type and the simplified control module aspect type data, or g) sending the simplified control module aspect type data from the test and simulation tool to the external dynamic process model.
the invention relates to a pressure limiting valve for limiting an inlet pressure to a definable outlet pressure, comprising a housing, an inlet configured to apply the inlet pressure, an outlet configured to provide the outlet pressure, a closing element, wherein the closing element is movable in a first valve space along a main axis and is pressed against a closing stop by a closing spring, a piston, wherein the piston is movable in a second valve space along the main axis and is pressed against the closing element by a spring, and a ventilation membrane for discharging excess pressure, in particular a pressure above the outlet pressure.according to the invention, the pressure limiting valve is characterized in that the spring is connected on a piston side to the piston by means of a spring seat which is integrally formed with the piston.
an apparatus configured to;based on:i) the provision of a first virtual space to a user, the first virtual space defined relative to the user or a vehicle; andii) personal-virtual-space-boundary information that defines a first boundary of a first area around the user; andiii) second virtual space content for provision of a second virtual space comprising at least one second audio object having a default second-audio-object location; andiv) an indication that the default second-audio-object location is within the first area;provide for movement of the at least one second audio object in the second virtual space from its default second-audio-object location to a shifted location outside the area defined by the personal-virtual-space-boundary information such that the audio content associated with the second audio object is presented as spatial audio such that the audio content will be perceived to originate from the shifted location.
a phosphate-free automatic dishwashing cleaning composition comprising: a) from 10% to 50% by weight of the composition of an organic complexing agent system comprising at least 10% by weight of the composition of methyl glycine diacetic acid; b) an amylase; and c) a protease wherein the protease is a variant having at least 90% identity with the amino acid sequence of seq id no: 1 and comprising at least one amino acid substitution (using the seq id no:1 numbering) selected from the group consisting of s39e, s99r, s126a-d127e-f128g, n242d and mixtures thereof; or d)a protease wherein the protease is a variant having at least 90% identity with the amino acid sequence of seq id no:2 and comprising at least one amino acid substitution (using the seq id no:2 numbering) selected from the group consisting of x39e, x126a-x127e-x128g, x242d and mixtures thereof.
the present invention relates to monitoring applications. in particular, the present invention relates to a method, device and system for detecting a loitering event in which the loitering time of objects with different object ids, which subsequent to each other spends time within an area of interest within a monitored scene, will be combined.
a component, such as a turbine aerofoil, comprising an anti-corrosion coating is disclosed. the component comprises a substrate coated with an mcraix layer and an upper coating layer. the upper coating layer has an aluminium-rich zone in a first region of the component, for example in a top region of a turbine aerofoil comprising a tip of the turbine aerofoil. the upper coating layer has a chromium-rich zone in a second region of the component, for example in a bottom region of a turbine aerofoil between a platform and a root of the aerofoil. these specific upper coating layers may provide resistance to type i hot corrosion in the first region of the component and resistance to type ii hot corrosion in the second region. a method of forming such a coating on a component and a cold spraying apparatus for applying such a coating are also disclosed.
a phosphate-free automatic dishwashing cleaning composition comprising: a)a protease wherein the protease is a variant having at least 60% identity with the amino acid sequence of seq id no:1 or seq id no:2 comprising two negatively charged amino acid residues, aspartic acid (d) and/or glutamic acid (e), in positions 124-131 using the seq id no: 1 numbering and the seq id no:2, respectively; and b) from 10 to 50% by weight of the composition of a complexing agent system comprising from 0 to less than 30% by weight of the composition of citric acid.
a coating for a component, such as a turbine aerofoil, which may provide said component with corrosion resistance and which may also provide enhanced resistance to fractures and crack propagation as well as low cycle fatigue resistance, is disclosed. the coating is a platinum aluminide comprising chromium, aluminium, platinum and silicon. the coating is formed of fine grains of the platinum aluminide and coarse grains of the platinum aluminide. the coating may provide an effective outermost coating on said component. a component comprising such a coating, a method of forming such a coating on a component and a cold spraying apparatus for applying such a coating are also disclosed. furthermore the relative amounts of fine and coarse grains can be altered in different regions of the coating to provide chemical and/or mechanical properties which are tailored to the requirements in particular regions of a component.
a head lamp lighting system (10) of a vehicle (12) comprises a dc/dc boost converter (22) configured to provide a common boosted output voltage (24) from a battery voltage (20), a plurality of dc/dc buck converters (36, 38, 40), each dc/dc buck converter (36, 38, 40) being configured to provide an adjusted buck output current (42, 44, 46) from the common boosted output voltage (24), a plurality of strings (26, 28, 30) of light-emitting diodes (32, 34), each string (26, 28, 30) of light-emitting diodes (32, 34) being electrically connected to only one adjusted buck output current (42, 44, 46) and vice versa, a main controller (16) electrically connected to the dc/dc boost converter (22) and configured to provide a boost switching frequency value to the dc/dc boost converter (22), a battery voltage supervisor (56) electrically connected to the main controller (16) and electrically connected to the battery voltage (20), said battery voltage supervisor (56) being configured to provide the battery voltage value to the main controller (16); the main controller (16) being configured to determine the boost switching frequency value according to the battery voltage value.
a radar system (200, 200a) and a method of operating a radar system are described, the radar system (200, 200a) comprising: a plurality of ics (210, 220), each ic (210, 220) comprising: a respective lo output (212, 222) for selectively outputting a respective lo signal, and a respective lo input (214, 224); and a coupling device (230, 330), the coupling device (230, 330) comprising: a plurality of inputs (232, 234; 341, 342, 351, 352), each input being coupled to the lo output (212, 222) of a respective ic (200, 200a), and a plurality of outputs (236, 238; 363, 364, 373, 374), each output being coupled to the lo input (212, 222) of a respective ic (214, 224); wherein the coupling device (230, 330) is configured such that a lo signal arriving at any one of said plurality of inputs (232, 234; 341, 342, 351, 352) is distributed to each of said plurality of outputs (236, 238; 363, 364, 373, 374). the coupling device (230, 330) may comprise at least one directional coupler.
a first aspect of the present invention refers to a fixing bracket 1, in particular for fixing a tie wrap 35 at a fuel rail 29 for mounting a wiring harness 33 at the fuel rail 29. in order to improve the fixing bracket the invention suggests that the fixing bracket 1 comprises a one-piece bracket body 2 extending along a longitudinal extending direction 3, that the bracket body 2 comprises a first longitudinal end section 4, a second longitudinal end section 5 and an intermediate section 6 formed between said first and second longitudinal end sections 4, 5, that the intermediate section 6 comprises a protrusion 9, wherein the protrusion 9 comprises at least two bows 10 which are spaced apart from each other by a slot 17 which is formed between the bows 10. further aspects of the invention refer to a combination, an arrangement, a method of manufacturing for a fixing bracket 1 and a method of manufacturing for an arrangement 26 comprising a fixing bracket 1 in accordance to the invention.
catalyst support systems for ammonia oxidation burners comprising a top flange and an inner wall. the top flange comprises a planar section, a rounded outer edge, and a rounded inner edge, the rounded outer edge and the rounded inner edge being separated by the planar section. the inner wall comprises a carrier plate, a gauze shelf, and a bottom plate shelf, the gauze shelf and the bottom plate shelf being attached to the carrier plate. the carrier plate is attached to the top flange by means of the rounded inner edge.
the invention relates to method for forming a balloon comprising the steps of: providing a preform (5) having a circumferential wall that encloses an internal space (i) of the preform (5); pre-heating the preform (5) to a shaping temperature by passing a heated gas or fluid via an inlet (5d) of the preform (5) into said internal space (i); and (c) shaping the preform (5) into a balloon. furthermore, the invention relates to a device for conducting the method according to the invention.
a phosphate-free automatic dishwashing cleaning composition comprising: i) a protease wherein the protease is a variant having at least 60% identity with the amino acid sequence of seq id no:1 and comprising at least one amino acid substitution (using the seq id no: 1 numbering) selected from the group consisting of: x54t; x126a, d, g, v, e, k, i; x127e, s, t, a, p, g, c; and x128e, c, t, d, p, g, l, y, n; and ii) from 10 to 50% by weight of the composition of a complexing agent system comprising from 0 to less than 30% by weight of the composition of citric acid.
an apparatus for manufacturing of multi-element rods of the tobacco industry comprising a feeding apparatus (5) designed to feed rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4), a transferring apparatus (3, 3a) designed to transfer the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4) or groups (g) of the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4) from the apparatus (5) feeding the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4) to the forming apparatus (11), comprising a first rotational element (6, 6') provided with first lugs (16, 16') and notches (26, 26') between the lugs (16, 16'), a second rotational element (7, 7') provided with second lugs (17, 17') and notches (27, 27') between the lugs (17,17'), a third rotational element (8, 8') provided with third lugs (18,18') and notches (28, 28') between the lugs (18, 18'), used to convey the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4), whereas the notches (26, 26', 27, 27', 28, 28') are adapted to receive and convey the individual rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4) or the groups (g) of the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4), whereas the first rotational element (6, 6'), the second rotational element (7, 7') and the third rotational element (8, 8') are arranged and adapted to guide the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4) successively through the first rotational element (6, 6'), the second rotational element (7, 7') and the third rotational element (8, 8'), the apparatus further comprises a forming apparatus (11) designed to form a continuous multi-element rod (cr), a cutting apparatus (13) designed to cut the continuous multi-element rod (cr) into individual multi-element rods (r). the apparatus according to the invention is characterised in that the bottom surfaces (36, 36') of the notches (26, 26') on the first rotational element (6, 6') and the bottom surfaces (38, 38') of the notches (28, 28') on the third rotational element (8, 8') are situated so that the diameter (d3) of a circle having the centre on the axis of rotation (z) of the third rotational element (8, 8'), inscribed in the bottom surfaces (38, 38') of the notches (28, 28') on the third rotational element (8, 8') is smaller than the diameter (d1) of a circle having the centre on the axis of rotation (x) of the first rotational element (6, 6'), inscribed in the bottom surfaces (36, 36') of the notches (26, 26') on the first rotational element (6, 6').
an apparatus for manufacturing of multi-element rods of the tobacco industry comprising a feeding apparatus (5) designed to feed rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4), a transferring apparatus (3, 3') designed to transfer the rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4) or groups (g) of the rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4) from the apparatus (5) feeding the rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4) to a forming apparatus (11), comprising a first rotational element (6, 6') provided with first lugs (16, 16') immobile relative to the first rotational element (6, 6') and notches (26, 26') between the lugs (16, 16'), a second rotational element (7, 7') provided with second lugs (17, 17') immobile relative to the second rotational element (7, 7') and notches (27, 27') between the lugs (17, 17'), a third rotational element (8, 8') provided with third lugs (18, 18') immobile relative to the third rotational element (8, 8') and notches (28, 28') between the lugs (18, 18'), used to convey the rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4), the notches (26, 26', 27, 27', 28, 28') between the lugs (16, 16', 17, 17', 18, 18') being adapted to receive and convey the individual rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4) or the groups (g) of rod-like elements (s1, s2, s3, s4), whereas the first rotational element (6, 6'), the second rotational element (7, 7') and the third rotational element (8, 8') are arranged and adapted to guide the rod-like elements (s1, s3, s4) successively through the first rotational element (6, 6'), the second rotational element (7, 7') and the third rotational element (8, 8'), the apparatus comprises the forming apparatus (11) designed to form a continuous multi-element rod (cr), and a cutting apparatus (13) designed to cut the continuous multi-element rod (cr) into individual multi-element rods (r). the apparatus according to the invention is characterised in that the third lugs (18, 18') have the third thickness (e3) smaller than the thickness (e1) of the first lugs (16, 16').
the present invention relates to a method for manufacturing a controlled release vaginal ring using a three-dimensional (3d) printer, said vaginal ring comprising:a) a core, said core consisting of a composition comprising one or more thermoplastic polyurethanes and one or more active pharmaceutical ingredients dissolved or dispersed in said core,b) a membrane, substantially or completely surrounding said core, said membrane consisting of a composition comprising one or more thermoplastic polyurethanes.
a spinning top game device (1) is provided, which comprises a shaped sheet (2) comprising an outer edge (2a) defining a centre of gravity (2b), a first central cutting line (3) defining a tip member (3a) and two first ends (3b), which define the outermost points of the central cutting line (3), the first ends (3b) lying along the same central straight line (4a), substantially passing through the centre of gravity (2b) of the shaped sheet (2), two folding lines (4) consisting of two segments lying along the central straight line (4a), the folding lines (4) extending between the first ends (3b) and two second ends (4b), a second central cutting line (5) defining, on the opposite side of the first central cutting line (3) with respect to the central straight line (4a), an uninterrupted path with ends coinciding with the second ends (4b), the first and second central cutting lines (3, 5) being adapted to be folded along the folding lines (4) so as to be perpendicular with respect to the remaining part of the shaped sheet (2) and defining a tip and a handle, respectively, for the spinning top gaming device.
a liquid composition comprising at leastcomponent (a): at least one agrochemically active compound, andcomponent (b): at least one carbonate of the formula (i)wherein, r is selected from(vii) linear, cyclic or branched c3-c10 alkyl,(viii) phenyl,(ix) -ch2or1, wherein r1 is selected from linear or branched c1-c6 alkyl, linear or branched c1-c6 alkyl-carbonyl, phenyl-carbonyl, benzyl-carbonyl, lactate, pyridine-carbonyl, and a residue according to the following formula (ii)wherein the variables in formula (ii) are as follows:r2, r3, r4, r5, and r6 are independently from each other selected from h, methyl, ethyl, propyl and phenyl;r7 is selected from h, linear, cyclic or branched c1-c10 alkyl, and phenyl;n, o, p, q, and r are independently from each other an integer in the range of 0-6, wherein the sum of the integers is in the range of 1 to 6;andoptionally component (c): at least one compound selected from the group of organic solvents.
the present invention is related to a driver monitoring system (1) for a vehicle (4) . the driver monitoring system (1) comprises a camera (10), a mirror device (20) and a control unit (30) . said mirror device (20) has a front surface comprising a plurality of mirror elements (21), the mirror elements (21) being arranged such that an angle of incidence of a beam of light on the surface is not equal to an emergent angle of the beam of light. the camera (10) is configured to capture an image of a face of a driver (2) of the vehicle (4) reflected by the mirror device (20) . further, the control unit (30) is configured to monitor the driver (20) based on an analysis of the captured image.
the invention relates to a device (7) for suspension of a lamp (2) in a vehicle (1). the device comprises a guiding means (8) for guiding a lamp (2) to move relative to a vehicle (1) from a first position to a second position in case of an impact between the lamp and an object. the device further comprises at least one energy absorber (9a) for counteracting movement of the lamp from the first position to the second position. the guiding means (8) is arranged for guiding the lamp (2) to move downwardly in a movement direction (10) having a movement direction component in parallel with the z-axis while the movement of the lamp being counteracted by said energy absorber (9a).
the invention relates to a device (7) for suspension of a lamp (2) in a vehicle (1). the device comprises a guiding means (8; 8') for guiding the lamp to move relative to the vehicle from a first position to a second position in case of an impact between the lamp and an object. the device further comprises at least one energy absorber (9a, 9b) for counteracting movement of the lamp from the first position to the second position. the guiding means (8) is arranged for guiding the lamp to move inwardly in a movement direction (10) having a movement direction component in parallel with the x-axis while the movement of the lamp being counteracted by one said energy absorber, and to pivot about an axis (33) being transverse relative to the x-axis and the z-axis, while the pivot motion being counteracted by one said energy absorber, giving the lamp a different orientation in the second position in comparison to the first position.
there is described a patient lift apparatus (1) comprising a supporting frame (10), a boom portion (18) connected to the supporting frame (10), and a spreader element (25) coupled to the boom portion (18) via a coupling member (20). the boom portion (18) and coupling member (20) are joined by a pivot joint (pj2) allowing the coupling member (20) and associated spreader element (25) to pivot with respect to the boom portion (18) about a pivot axis (pa2). according to one aspect of the invention, the patient lift apparatus (1) further comprises a damping element (50) coupled between the boom portion (18) and the coupling member (20) to damp rocking movement of the coupling member (20) and spreader element (25), which damping element (50) is a linear damper having a first end (50a) connected to the boom portion (18) and a second end (50b) connected to the coupling member (20). according to another aspect of the invention, the patient lift apparatus (1) further comprises a quick release mechanism (30, 200) to release the spreader element (25) from the boom portion (18).
an adjustment linkage (200a) for a guide vane (8) of a compressor (14) for a gas turbine engine (10). the adjustment linkage (200a) comprises a push rod (150). a first end (206) of the push rod (150) is configured to be coupled to an adjustment ring (140) for actuation of a variable guide vane (8a). a second end (208) of the push rod (150) is configured to be coupled to an output (152) of an adjustment drive (154) via a displacement mechanism (210) configured to modify the directional output (152) of the adjustment drive (154). the push rod has a longitudinal axis (212) which extends between its first end (206) and second end (208). there is also provided a push rod lever (220) pivotably coupled to the push rod (150) between the first end (206) and second end (208) of the push rod (150). the push rod lever (220) is configured to pivotably mount to an anchor point (221) on the compressor (14). hence the push rod (150) is pivotable about the coupling with the push rod lever (220), and the push rod lever (220) is pivotable about its anchor point coupling to thereby allow the push rod (150) to move in a direction along its longitudinal axis (212) and restrict the push rod (150) from moving in a direction at an angle to its longitudinal axis (212).
an adjustment linkage (200a) for a guide vane (8) of a compressor (14) for a gas turbine engine (10). the adjustment linkage (200a) comprises a push rod (150). a first end (206) of the push rod (150) is configured to be coupled to an adjustment ring (140) for actuation of a variable guide vane (8a). a second end (208) of the push rod (150) is configured to be coupled to an output (152) of an adjustment drive (154) via a cam mechanism (210) configured to modify the directional output (152) of the adjustment drive (154). the push rod has a longitudinal axis (212) which extends between its first end (206) and second end (208). the cam mechanism (210) configured to allow the push rod (150) to move in a direction along its longitudinal axis (212), and restrict the push rod (150) from moving in a direction at an angle to its longitudinal axis (212).
set (s) of two or more dongles (a,b,c) for providing a digital signature (si),wherein each dongle (a,b,c) holds a secret key (ki),wherein each dongle (a,b,c) is configured to receive a message (m), to compute (28,36) a digital signature (si) of the received message (m) using the secret key (ki), and to transmit the computed digital signature (si),characterised in that at least one of the dongles (a) is configured to, before computing (28) the digital signature (sa), verify (26) the presence of at least one other dongle (b,c) belonging to the set (s), and to compute (28) the digital signature (sa) only upon successful verification of the presence of one or more other dongles (b,c).
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a spin-transfer torque device (100), comprising:a magnetic flux guide layer (104),a set of magnetic tunnel junction pillars (110, 120, 130, 140) arranged above the magnetic flux guide layer, wherein each one of said pillars includes a separate free layer (112, 122, 132, 142) a separate tunnel barrier layer (114, 124, 134, 144) and a separate reference layer (116, 126, 136, 146), anda coupling layer (106) arranged between the magnetic flux guide layer and said magnetic tunnel junction pillars, wherein a magnetization of each one of said separate free layers is coupled parallel or antiparallel to a magnetization of the magnetic flux guide layer, through the coupling layer.
a controller (300) for a gas turbine engine (10) which operates to a control method. the gas turbine engine (10) comprises a compressor (14) having a casing (50) which extends along, and is centred on, an operational axis (20). an array (48) of compressor blades are coupled to a rotatable engine shaft (22) which extends along the operational axis (20). a first variable guide vane (8a) is axially spaced apart from the compressor blade array (48) along the operational axis (20), wherein the first variable guide vane (8a) is rotatably mounted at a first location (202) on the casing (50), having a vane axis of rotation (121) at right angles to the operational axis (20). the first variable guide vane (8a) is coupled to an adjustment drive (154) operable to rotate the first variable guide vane (8a) about its axis of rotation (121) to a range (a-d) of angles relative to the operational axis (20). the controller (300) is operable to control the rotation of the first variable guide vane (8a) in dependence of engine shaft speed wherein over a first range (a-b) of engine shaft speed the angle of the first variable guide vane (8a) relative to the operational axis (20) decreases with increasing engine speed and over a second range (b-c) of engine shaft speeds the angle of the first variable guide vane (8a) relative to the operational axis (20) : increases with increasing engine speed.
the invention relates to a turbomachine fluid guiding stator device, comprising:- a blade assembly (21), named stationary blade assembly (21), comprising:∘ two rings (22) coaxial along an axis, named main axis (39),∘ a plurality of blades (23) held between the rings (22) and mounted to pivot with respect to the two rings (22),- a mechanism (24) for controlling the angular position of the blades (23) comprising:∘ a plurality of levers (25) rotationally coupled to the blades (23),∘ a ring (33) for controlling the angular position of the blades (23) and being able to be rotationally driven about the main axis (39) with respect to the two rings (22) of the stationary blade assembly (21) to allow the levers (25) to be rotationally guided,characterised in that the control ring (33) is axially held on the main axis (39) exclusively by at least two levers (25).
the invention relates to a method of manufacturing a ring, named control ring (33), of a mechanism (24) for controlling the angular position of blades of a blade assembly, named stationary blade assembly (21), of a turbomachine,- a stationary blade assembly (21), comprising:∘ two rings (22) coaxial along an axis, named main axis (39),∘ a plurality of blades (23), each blade (23) is mounted to pivot with respect to the two rings (22) of the stationary blade assembly,- the mechanism (24) for controlling the angular position of the blades of the stationary blade assembly comprising:∘ a plurality of levers (25) including at least one lever, named driving lever,∘ said control ring (33) being able to be rotationally driven about the main axis and defining at least one housing (34) for receiving a driving lever, characterised in that the control ring (33) and each receiving housing (34) are formed by bending a metal strip which is plastically deformable under bending.  
compositions and methods for increasing sugar yield from harvested sugar cane are described. antimicrobial compositions are applied to freshly cut sugar cane to increase sugar yield. without being bound by theory, it is believed that the peracid-containing compositions serve to prevent microbial contamination between harvest and processing in a mill. the peracid-containing compositions inhibit bacterial metabolic activity which converts sucrose found in sugar cane juice into dextran. preventing production of dextran improves sucrose yields and purity in treated sugar cane.
a method of testing a biological sample, the method comprising: providing a centrifuge sample holder having a camera; arranging a transparent container comprising a fluid test medium in a recess of said centrifuge sample holder, wherein the camera is arranged to image a portion of the container comprising said fluid test medium; arranging said biological sample above and not in contact with said fluid test medium in said container; and with the camera, imaging a mixing of said biological sample with said fluid test medium while centrifuging the sample holder.
an apparatus comprising:a functional circuit comprising one or more circuit components configured to perform a function based on one or more first input signals;at least one failure-prediction circuit for use in predicting failure of the functional circuit, the failure-prediction circuit comprising a replica of the functional circuit in terms of constituent circuit components;wherein the failure-prediction circuit is configured to be more susceptible to failure than said functional circuit,wherein the apparatus is configured to provide a prediction of failure of the functional circuit based on a determination of failure of the failure-prediction circuit.
described herein is a sar dac architecture which uses two parallel dacs (200a, 200b) for performing the comparison and feedback simultaneously. while one dac executes a feedback step, the output of the other dac is used as input for a comparator (210a, 210b). for fast operation, the comparator performs the comparison with reference voltage that has a positive or negative offset from a mid-scale value. the sign of the offset is determined by the previous comparison. as a result, the same delay can be used for each dac feedback and comparison step, reducing the total conversion time to the time needed for n comparisons for an n-bit architecture which is a reduction of almost a factor of 2 compared to the conventional sar architecture.
provides is a device 1,2 for electrically connecting and disconnecting portions of an electrical line 7) of a public address system, wherein the device comprises a switching means 4 which is provided between a first contact point a and a second contact point b and is configured to electrically connect and disconnect the first and the second contact point a,b, wherein the first and the second contact point a,b are configured to be electrically connected to respective portions of the line 7, a control means 6 which is configured to control the switching means 4 based on at least one electrical characteristic u1,u2,i1,i2 at the first and second contact point a,b, a power supply means 8 configured to be electrically connected to the first contact point a via the switching means 4. the switching means 4 is configured to switch between:a) a first configuration where the first contact point a and the power supply means 8 are electrically connected with each other and the first and the second contact point a,b are electrically disconnected from each other, andb) a second configuration where the first contact point a and the power supply means 8 are electrically disconnected and the first and the second contact point a,b are electrically connected with each other.
during a defrost process of a refrigeration apparatus (200), a flow rate of air is detected through an item (222) that is susceptible to frosting. the defrost process is stopped in response to the detected air flow rate being greater than a threshold flow rate.
the invention concerns a visual recognition system (1) for a vehicle, comprising a plastic capping (10) and an electronic module (20) positioned near an internal face (16) of the plastic capping (10); said electronic module (20) comprising a sealed housing (30), a printed circuit board (40) positioned inside the housing (30), and an optical sensor (50) positioned inside the housing (30) and connected to the printed circuit board (40); wherein the housing (30) comprises at least one transparent part (37) which is placed in front of the optical sensor (50) and is transparent to visible light; wherein the plastic capping (10) comprises at least one portion (18) which forms a first optical lens (80) placed in front of the optical sensor (50) and the transparent part (37); and wherein the optical sensor (50) is designed to capture an image outside the vehicle through the transparent part (37) and the first optical lens (80). the invention also concerns a method for implementing such system (1).
an apparatus for a motor vehicle driver assistance system for an ego vehicle is provided. the apparatus implements a state estimator configured to use a first state of the ego vehicle to calculate a subsequent second state of the ego vehicle, wherein calculating the second state from the first state includes a prediction element and an update element, wherein calculating the second state from the first state includes using an artificial neural network ("ann").
a vehicle (200) having one or more sensors (102) for measuring a shoulder width value of a user seated in a seat of the vehicle. the vehicle also has a processor (204) configured to create or load a user profile for the user associated with the measured shoulder width value. the user profile contains one or more vehicle settings set by the user.
an apparatus for a motor vehicle driver assistance system for an ego vehicle is provided. the apparatus implements a state estimator configured to use a first state of the ego vehicle to estimate a subsequent second state of the ego vehicle during a current operating cycle, the state estimator including a recurrent neural network ("rnn"). the rnn is configured to use information from at least one preceding operating cycle that precedes the current operating cycle.
deployment system for adjusting a leading edge high lift device, in particular a slat, between a retracted position, in which, in use, the high lift device is retracted with respect to an airfoil, and at least one deployed position, in which, in use, the high lift device is deployed with respect to the airfoil, comprising at least one actuation unit that is configured to actuate the high lift device between the retracted position and the at least one deployed position, at least one guidance unit that is configured to guide the high lift device during adjustment between the retracted position and the at least one deployed position along an adjustment path, wherein the guidance unit is independent from the actuation unit.
a method is provided for operating a cooker to detect overflow events. overflow sensing elements(22,24,26,28) , for example bimetallic strips (22-28), surround a heating element on a cooking surface (10) of the cooker. the overflow sensing elements each complete an electrical circuit. when an overflow event occurs, for example hot liquid overflowing a vessel which is on the cooker, the overflow sensing element is affected in such a way as to cause a break in the electrical circuit. for example, a heated bimetallic strip curls up. the break in electrical circuit can be detected and cause a safety action to the implement to prevent further overflow events. a cooker and a control system for detecting overflow events in a cooker are also described.
an electro-optic modulator for modulating a beam of electro-magnetic radiation having a beam path and a beam axis (a) comprises: a modulator element (3) that is positioned in the beam path, a housing (2) for receiving the modulator element (3), which housing (2) forms a resonant cavity, and a coupling device (4) for inputting modulating energy into the housing (2) such that a resonant standing wave is generated within the housing (2). the housing (2) comprises at least one sidewall (13, 14, 15, 16, 21, 22, 25, 26, 31, 32, 35, 36, 41, 42, 45, 46, 51, 52) that extends substantially parallel to the beam axis (a) over a length (l), wherein the at least one sidewall (13, 14, 15, 16, 21, 22, 25, 26, 31, 32, 35, 36, 41, 42, 45, 46, 51, 52) comprises a deformed portion (21b, 25b, 26b, 31b, 32b, 35b, 36b, 41b, 42b, 45, 46, 51b, 52b) such that in the resonant cavity a distance (d1, d2, d3, d4, d5, c1, c2, c3, c4) between the sidewall and the beam axis (a) in a direction perpendicular to the beam axis (a) varies over at least a portion of the length (l) of the sidewall.
a dual-powered railroad vehicle (1) is provided. it comprises a combustion engine (5) having a first cooling circuit (10); a traction transformer (15) having a second cooling circuit (20); and at last one radiator (25) for dissipating thermal energy to surrounding air. the first cooling circuit (10) and the second cooling circuit (20) are configured to dissipate thermal energy via the at least one radiator (25). further, a method for operating a dual-powered railroad vehicle (1) is provided.
the present application relates to specific binding members that bind carbonic anhydrase ix (caix). in particular, the present application relates to the treatment, diagnosis and detection of tumours, e.g. solid tumours, using specific binding members that bind caix. the specific binding member may be conjugated to a biocidal or cytotoxic molecule, or to a detectable label.
the invention relates to an inner compartment design for medium voltage gas insulated switchgears, with at least one inner compartment and a housing, according to the preamble of claim 1 in order to enhance the withstand of the inner compartment against destructive light arc impact, considering at the same time high economic effectivity, the invention is, that at the inner compartment, or in case of several inner compartments, at the inner of the inner compartment or enclosure, or at one of the inner compartments, are provided on its inner wall surface, at least partially with an insulating layer.
apparatus (1) for cooling products (2) comprising at least:- a cooling chamber (3) with a conveyor (4) for conveying the products (2) through the cooling chamber (3),- at least one circulator (5) for circulating a cooling gas within at least a part of the cooling chamber (3),- guiding elements (6) for guiding a flow of the cooling gas,wherein the guiding elements (6) are arranged within the cooling chamber (3) such that an impingement section (7) is formed adjacent to a first side (8) of the conveyor (4), in which the cooling gas can impinge the first side (8) of the conveyor (4) having a first pressure, wherein the conveyor (4) is designed such that the cooling gas can penetrate through the conveyor (4) so as to have a second pressure at a second side (9) of the conveyor (4) opposite the first side (8), wherein the second pressure is lower than the first pressure, and wherein the guiding elements (6) are arranged such as to form at least one backflow channel (10) from the second side (9) of the conveyor (4) to the at least one circulator (5), and wherein the cooling gas can be directed into the impingement section (7) via the at least one circulator (5).with the apparatus 1 products 2 such as food products can be cooled using a cooling gas such a gas comprising nitrogen. with guiding elements 6 a flow of the cooling gas can be guided. thereby, the products 2 can be cooled particularly energy efficiently.
apparatus (1) for cooling products (2) comprising at least:- a cooling chamber (3) with a conveyor (4) for conveying the products (2) through the cooling chamber (3),- at least one circulator (5) for circulating a cooling gas within at least a part of the cooling chamber (3),- a first aperture element (12) with a plurality of first aperture openings (14),wherein the conveyor (4) and the at least one circulator (5) are arranged within the cooling chamber (3) such that the cooling gas can impinge a first side (8) of the conveyor (4), wherein the first aperture element (12) is arranged within the cooling chamber (3) such that the cooling gas penetrates through the first aperture openings (14) before impinging the first side (8) of the conveyor (4).with the apparatus 1 products 2 such as food products can be cooled using a cooling gas such a gas comprising nitrogen. with aperture elements 12, 13 a flow of the cooling gas can be guided. thereby, the products 2 can be cooled particularly energy efficiently and at a particularly high cooling rate.
apparatus (1) for cooling products (2) comprising at least:- a cooling chamber (3) with a conveyor (4) for conveying the products (2) through the cooling chamber (3),- at least one circulator (5) for circulating a cooling gas within at least a part of the cooling chamber (3),- a first guiding element (6) for guiding the cooling gas on a first side (8) of the conveyor (4),- a second guiding element (7) for guiding the cooling gas on a second side (9) of the conveyor (4),wherein the first guiding element (6) and the second guiding element (7) are arranged within the cooling chamber (3) such that the cooling gas can impinge the first side (8) of the conveyor (4), and wherein the first guiding element (6) and the second guiding element (7) are oriented obliquely compared to the conveyor (4).with the apparatus 1 products 2 such as food products can be cooled using a cooling gas such a gas comprising nitrogen. with guiding elements 6, 7 a particularly uniform flow of the cooling gas can be generated. thereby, the products 2 can be cooled particularly energy efficiently and at a particularly high cooling rate.
the invention relates to a storage housing, especially for glasses, said housing comprising a body (2) and a cover (4) closing said body (2), said housing further comprising a first cam (12), a first cam path (14) and a first lever (6), said first lever (6) being in relation with a degree of liberty in rotation with both said body (2) and said cover (4), said housing being configured so that said first cam (12) moves along the first cam path (14) in response of a first lever actuation to obtain a cover displacement combining a pivoting movement and a lifting movement while the cover (4) remains partially inside the housing body (2).
an emergency exit (5a, 5b) for a helicopter (1) is described that comprises: a wall (9) defining an opening (6); a removable part (10) engaging the opening (6) in a removable manner; and a seal (12) interposed between the wall (9) and the removable part (10). the seal (12) is transformable between: a first configuration, in which it prevents removal of the removable part (10) from the wall (9) following application of a predetermined load on the removable part (10); and a second configuration, in which it allows removal of the removable part (10) from the wall (9) following application of the predetermined load on the removable part (10). the emergency exit (5a, 5b) comprises an insert (25) interposed between the seal (12) and the wall (9); at least one (25, 12) of the insert (25) and the seal (12) comprise at least one tooth (26, 29) engaging a recess (27, 28) with a shape corresponding to the tooth (26, 29) and defined by the other (12, 25) of the insert (25) and said seal (12), when the seal (12) keeps, in use, the removable part (10) constrained to wall (9).
methods and systems are disclosed for updating learned models. an embodiment comprises receiving a plurality of data sets representing sensed data from one or more devices and determining, using one or more local learned models, local parameters based on the received data sets. another operation may comprise generating a combined data set by combining the plurality of data sets and, determining, using one or more local learned models, global parameters based on the combined data set. another operation may comprise transmitting, to a remote system, the global parameters for determining updated global parameters using one or more global learned models based at least partially on the global parameters, and receiving, from the remote system, the updated global parameters. another operation may comprise updating the one or more local learned models using both the local parameters and updated global parameters.
methods, computer program products, and apparatus are included. for example, an apparatus including hardware or any means for generating a user interface including a plurality of objects, including a first object and a second object, wherein the first object represents a first video segment and the second object represents a second video segment, wherein at least one of the first object and the second object is configured to at least change an orientation of the respective first video segment or second video segment; receiving, via the user interface, an input indicative of a change to the orientation of the first video segment represented by the first object; and arranging a video sequence comprising the changed first video segment represented by the first object and the second video segment represented by the second object, wherein the changed first video segment includes the change in the orientation based on the received input.
a method and apparatus is described comprising: obtaining first input data from a first camera of a multi-camera device; obtaining second input data from a second camera of the multi-camera device (wherein the second camera is orientated in a different direction to the first camera); defining a first region or object of interest for the first camera and/or a second region or object of interest for the second camera; tracking the first region or object of interest and/or the second region or object of interest; generating a first output data based on the first input data; generating a second output data based on the second input data; and generating a multi-camera output that includes the first and second output data.
this specification describes: using a first camera of a multi-camera device to obtain first video data of a first region; using a second camera of the multi-camera device to obtain second video data of a second region; generating a multi-camera video output from the first and second video data using a first video mapping to map the first video data to a first portion of the multi-camera video output and using a second video mapping to map the second video data to a second portion of the multi-camera video output; and generating an audio output from obtained audio data, the audio output comprising an audio output having a directional component within the first portion of the video output and an audio output having a directional component within the second portion of the video output, wherein generating the audio output comprises using a first audio mapping to map audio data having a directional component within the first region to the audio output having a directional component within the first portion of the video output and using a second audio mapping to map audio data having a directional component within the second region to the audio output having a directional component within the second portion of the video output.
a scheduling method of uplink resource unit includes selecting an uplink parameter set, by calculating the uplink parameter set capable of achieving a minimized energy consumption according to a traffic and a qos of a user equipment (ue). the uplink parameter set allows a plurality of transmission variations. a score function is used to calculate a score of a transmission condition variation of the ue and a transmission order of the ue is determined according to the score. a disposing position of the resource units in uplink subcarriers is determined. the time occupied by the disposing position is checked to see whether or a delay constraint allowed by the ue is satisfied. if the result of checking the disposing position does not satisfy the delay constraint, the number of consecutive subcarriers is changed and the step of determining the disposing position of the resource units in the uplink subcarriers is repeatedly performed.
in order to validate the location of a user, it is proposed a method to validate a location of a user using an internet service of a service provider, said user having a mobile device registered with a mobile service provider, said method comprising :- requesting by the internet service provider, the location of the user,- receiving, via the internet, from the user, an indicated location of the user,- requesting the user to send a message to the internet service provider with the mobile device, said message comprising data identifying the user,- receiving the message by the internet service provider and determining the mobile service provider of the mobile device,- requesting, by the internet service provider, the mobile service provider to confirm the indicated location for said mobile device using the data of the message,- determining, by the mobile service provider the actual location of the mobile device,- comparing the actual location with the indicated location,- transmitting the result of the comparison to the internet service provider, and- validating by the internet service provider the location if the comparison is positive.
control unit (17) for controlling an inverter (3) with a dc link capacitor (6), with a plurality of output phases (20) and with a plurality of switching elements (13, 14) being arranged in half bridges (10) and being connected to the dc link capacitor (6) and the output phases (20), wherein in a failure mode the control unit is configured to control the switching elements (13, 14) to adopt an active short circuit state, in which the output phases (20) are short-circuited, wherein the control unit is configured to control the switching elements (13, 14) to be transferred from the active short circuit state into a freewheeling state, in which the switching elements (13, 14) of one half bridge are turned off, if a first condition, according to which a voltage measuring signal (26) representing a voltage dropping over the dc link capacitor (6) is indicative that the voltage between a positive potential (11) of the dc link capacitor and a negative potential (12) of the dc link capacitor (6) is below a predefined positive voltage threshold, and a second condition, according to which a current measuring signal (28) representing a current (29) flowing between an input (8) of the inverter (3) and the switching elements (13, 14) is indicative that the current (29) in a direction from the positive potential (11) to the negative potential (12) is above or equal to a predefined current threshold being below zero, are fulfilled, and to maintain and/or adopt the active short circuit state, if the first condition is fulfilled and the second condition is not fulfilled.
a vectoring processor (150) for mitigating cross-talk (121, 122, 123) is disclosed. the vectoring processor is configured to interface with a plurality of communication units (110) supporting full-duplex bi-directional communication over respective transmission lines, and to to pre-compensate downstream tone data (140) received from the communication units for downstream far end cross-talk, ds-fext (121) thereby obtaining pre-compensated downstream tone data (141), and to supply the pre-compensated downstream tone data to the communication units (110) for further transmission over the respective transmission lines, and to receive from the communication units upstream tone data (143, 144) and associated delayed pre-compensated downstream tone data (142) previously supplied by the vectoring processor, and to post-compensate the upstream tone data, with the delayed pre-compensated downstream tone data, for near end cross-talk, next (123), and for upstream far end cross-talk, us-fext (122), thereby obtaining post-compensated upstream tone data (145), and to supply the post-compensated upstream tone data to the communication units for further demodulation.
the invention shows a method of a user registration process into a server-based system using a client device compromising the following steps:initializing a registration process on the client device;providing a first verbal user input to the registration process, wherein the first verbal input is recorded by a microphone of the client device and sent to the server-based system;assigning the first verbal user input to a user specific dataset located on the server-based system;generating a first security question by the server-based system, wherein the first security question is a random question generated by a random question generator based on the user specific dataset;asking the first security question to the user by means of a speaker of the client device,recording an answer by the microphone as a second verbal user input and sending the answer to the server-based system;verifying the identity of the user by the registration process on basis of the answer.
the present invention includes methods and systems for calculating navigation routes, in particular by using historical navigation data from one or more users of the system to optimise the route calculation for a given geographical area, e.g. a city, and/or for an individual user. by updating the criteria used to determine optimal routes based on feedback from users, the calculated navigation routes are further improved.
driver unit (4) for a voltage-controlled switching element (7) for an electric power converter (1), comprising an output (14) for connecting the driver unit (4) to a control terminal (12) of the switching element (7), an input (15) for obtaining control information and a driving section (16) configured to provide a current (17) to the output (14), wherein based on a first control information indicative for switching the switching element (7) the current (17) charges or discharges a capacitance of the control terminal (12), characterized in that the driving section (16) comprises at least one controllable current source circuit (29a, 29b) configured to provide the current (17) with a value based on a second control information representative for a switching speed of the switching element (7).
the present invention relates to a method for transmitting system information items from a base station of a cellular network to a first user equipment and a second user equipment, the base station is configured to provide a plurality of system information items, and the first user equipment belongs to a first type of user equipment and the second user equipment belongs to a second type of user equipment, different from the first type,upon reception of a request for system information from the first and second user equipment, the method comprising the steps of:- collecting each a subset of the system information items considering the type of user equipment in a set of system information messages for the respective type of user equipment, and- providing each of said set of system information message to the requesting user equipment,wherein at least one system information item is collected in the set of system information messages for the first type of user equipment and said at least one system information item is lacking in the set of system information messages for the second type of user equipment.
a portable liquid injection device comprises at least one drug reservoir and at least one discharge opening for parenteral injection, in particular subcutaneous injection of at least one drug. this injection device further provides at least one means for monitoring changes of a physical or chemical property in connection with the injection process at the discharge opening or in close proximity to the discharge opening. preferably said means is a first electrode for monitoring changes in capacitance, in particular via an electric circuitry.
polypropylene composition comprising a heterophasic polypropylene (heco) and a bimodal metallocene linear low-density polyethylene (mlldpe), as well as articles obtained from said polypropylene composition. the present invention is further related to the use of a bimodal metallocene linear low-density polyethylene (mlldpe) as modifier for heterophasic polypropylenes (hecos) to improve impact strength and optics.
a structural joint between two components of metal material is obtained by carrying out an electrical resistance welding spot between said components (2, 3) and subsequently performing a step of applying a cladding of metal material (4, 11) by means of an additive manufacturing technology. in one example, after a first step of applying a coarse base cladding, a second step of applying a fine cladding is carried out, again by means of additive manufacturing technology. the fine cladding includes a distribution of stiffening micro-ribs (12) above the base cladding. the same method can be applied to a single sheet metal component, rather than to a welded joint.
a fuel delivery passage (8) for a fuel injection system for an internal combustion engine is provided. the passage (8) includes a fuel inlet (4) adapted to receive fuel from a high-pressure source and at least one fuel outlet (6) adapted to be connected to an inlet port of a fuel injector. the passage (8) comprises at least one channel (12) having a tortuous path (22) for the fuel flow. at least one section (16) of the channel (12) varies in cross-sectional area over a predetermined length.
the technology provided herein pertains to methods for the modification of a target nucleic acid in vitro, ex vivo or in vivo in the genome of a cell by using a pre-assembled complex comprising a nucleic acid and a metal nanocluster and exposing the complex bound to a target nucleic acid to electromagnetic radiation.
an apparatus comprising: a chamber; intake means for controlling a flow of fluid into the chamber, wherein the fluid comprises particles; resonance means for resonating the chamber to provide an acoustic standing wave within the chamber; and wherein the frequency of the standing wave is selected to cause particles above a specific size to collect at a node of the standing wave.
an induction cooker comprising a cooking surface, one or more movable induction coils movable under said cooking surface, and a sensor for detecting a cooking vessel on said cooking surface, wherein said sensor is operable to determine (i) the location and/or (ii) the size of said cooking vessel, and wherein said cooker is operable to select a coil and move that coil to selected location based on information from said sensor.
a method performed by an apparatus (110) is disclosed. the method comprises initiating a generation of a digital signal (195), wherein, for at least one time frame, the digital signal comprises a plurality of radio program signals (n-x, ra-x, rb-x). therein the plurality of radio program signals (n-x, ra-x, rb-x) comprises a first radio program signal (ra-x), which is a regional radio program signal for a first region (a), and a second radio program signal (n-x), which is a supra-regional radio program signal. the method further comprises initiating a transmission of the digital signal (195) by a head-end transmitter (120) towards a plurality of back-end transmitters (150, 162, 172), the plurality of back-end transmitters (150, 162, 172) including a first frequency modulation, fm, back-end transmitter (150) configured to broadcast a radio program in the first region (a). further disclosed is another method performed by an apparatus (130). the method comprises obtaining such a digital signal (195). it further comprises initiating an fm transmission, for at least one time frame, of a first regional radio program encoded in the first radio program signal (ra-x) by an fm back-end transmitter (150) configured to broadcast a radio program in the first region (a). further disclosed are computer programs comprising program code for performing the above methods, apparatuses (110, 130) configured to perform the above methods and a system (100) comprising these apparatuses (110, 130).
the present invention relates to novel polypeptides with xylanase activity, especially xylanase variants, such as genetically engineered xylanase variants, which show improved thermostability, improved resistance against acid treatment and increased enzyme activity on arabinoxylan. the invention includes the use of said polypeptides in applications, such as for food or feed, for brewing or malting, for the treatment of xylan containing raw materials like grain-based materials, e.g. for the production of biofuels or other fermentation products, including biochemicals, and/or for the wheat gluten-starch separation industry, and methods using these polypeptides, as well as compositions (such as feed additive compositions) comprising said polypeptides.
a body fluid leakage detection aqueous composition, for use e.g. in intraoperative pancreatic fluid leakage detection. the composition comprises a gelling agent, increasing the viscosity of the composition, and buffering species, the composition thereby being buffered. further, the composition comprises a ph-indicator. the ph of the composition is at least 0.1 ph units lower, or higher, than a pka of the ph-indicator.
ordering and purchasing processes are integrated into a messaging session between two computing devices, a user device 2 and a merchant server 3. the following actions take place within the messaging session. a dialogue is established between the user device 2 and the merchant server 3. the merchant server 3 obtains user information to enable the merchant server 3 to communicate with a service provider to establish a transaction with an account associated with the user device 2. the merchant server 3 obtains order information from the user device 2 by interpretation of the dialogue and so creating an order from the order information. the user requests payment, and receives a payment link from the merchant server 3 within the messaging session in order to make a transaction. the user provides payment information including identification of an account associated with the user device for the transaction to the merchant server 3 directly or indirectly. once these actions have taken place, the merchant server 3 uses the order information and the payment information to enable the transaction to be performed using the account associated with the user device 2.
a method and system is disclosed that comprises detecting a user gesture at a location which is remote from a data processing terminal and identifying a first application based on the distance of the detected user gesture being within a first distance range from the data processing terminal, wherein a plurality of applications are associated with different distance ranges from the data processing terminal. the method and system may further cause performance of one of a plurality of functions of the first application based on the user gesture.
a control device for a vehicle gearbox comprises a support casing (h) and a control lever (2) pivotally mounted about an oscillation axis (200) within said support casing (h). a pivoting body (w) is rotatably mounted within the support casing (h) about the oscillation axis (200) of the control lever (2) and is connected in rotation with the control lever (2). a connecting member (30) for a gearbox control cable (b) is connected to the pivoting body (w) by means of an adapter element (18). the adapter element (18) and the pivoting body (w) are configured so they can be coupled with each other in different relative positions, in order to create different positions and/or different orientations of the control cable (b) with respect to the pivoting body (w).
some embodiments are directed to a compiler device (100) configured to identify a sub-graph (210) in a data flow graph having one or more output nodes marked as encoded and one or more output nodes marked as non-encoded, and to replace the sub-graph by an encoded first sub-graph (210.1), and a non-encoded second sub-graph (210.2), wherein the first sub-graph has only encoded output nodes, and the second sub-graph has only non-encoded output nodes.
an oral care implement has a front side and a back side opposite the front side, an overall length extension extending between a proximal end and a distal end, the distal end being opposite the proximal end. the oral care implement comprises a head at the proximal end and a handle, the head having at least one cleaning element extending from the front side. the handle is at least partially made from a material having a density being higher than the density of the material of the head. the handle has a cross-sectional area extending substantially perpendicular to the overall length extension of the oral are implement, the cross-sectional area having a height extension extending between the front side and the back side. the oral care implement has a center of gravity and an axis of rotation when the oral care implement is placed with the back side on a surface. the center of gravity is blow the axis of rotation and closer to the back side than to the front side of the oral care implement when measured along the height extension of the handle.
an oral care implement (310) has an overall length (720) extension extending between a proximal end (17) and a distal end (760), the distal end (760) being opposite the proximal end (17). the oral care implement (310) comprises a head (14) at the proximal end (17) and a handle (610), the handle (610) being at least partially made from a material having a density being higher than the density of the material of the head (14). the oral care implement has a center of gravity (510) located at a distance measured from the distal end (760), and the ratio of said distance to the overall length (720) extension of the oral care implement (310) is from about 0.30 to about 0.45, preferably from about 0.35 to about 0.42, further preferably from about 0.38 to about 0.41.
a method for a goods manager to authenticate products at the point of sale is provided. the method comprises: providing an authentication device to a merchant, wherein the authentication device is not associated with a product but is configured to receive product information from a merchant terminal; once information about a product has been received by the authentication device from the merchant terminal, obtaining from the authentication device a signed message comprising information about the authentication device and information about the product received from the merchant terminal; and providing authorisation data to the authentication device if the information fulfils one or more criteria, thereby associating the authentication device with the product. a method for a merchant to authenticate goods at the point of sale and a merchant terminal to perform such a method are also provided.
the present invention relates to an aerodynamic rail cover for an operating room with laminar airflow. in order to provide measures to improve the provision of a laminar airflow in an operating zone, an aerodynamic rail cover (10) for an operating room with laminar airflow is provided. the rail cover comprises at least one cover component (12), wherein the cover component comprises a base element (14); and an air guiding surface element (16) connected to the base element. the base element is configured to be attached to a portion of a support rail of a ceiling mounted support arrangement of a medical imaging system or to a ceiling panel. the air guiding surface element forms an air guide to be mounted at least temporarily to cover a portion of the support rail or a portion of the ceiling panel and comprises two surface parts (18) that are extending from starting edges (20) on opposite sides of the base element to a common trailing edge (22).
a dishwashing machine comprises: a controller (234); a first rolling element (250); and a second rolling element (251). the first rolling element (250) and the second rolling element (251) are spaced apart in a washing compartment of the dishwashing machine (200). the controller is configured to rotate the first rolling element (250) and the second rolling element (251) during a washing cycle so as to cause a movement of an item to be washed (214) that is in contact with the first rolling element (250) and the second rolling element (251).
the invention concerns an harvester head (11) having at least one hydraulic actuator (35) with a cylinder (41) and a piston (42), having at least a cylinder chamber (43) and a piston rod chamber (44), both chambers being connected to a hydraulic circuit, the piston (42) separating the cylinder chamber (43) and the piston rod chamber (44), a cavity (45) provided in the piston (42), hydraulically connecting the cylinder chamber (43) with the piston rod chamber (44) and a check valve (46) in connection with the cavity (45) that allows hydraulic medium flow in an opening direction of the check valve (46).
the present invention concerns a method of forming a coated component. the method comprises:providing a component made of zr or a zr-based alloy,depositing, in a first deposition step, cr or a cr-based alloy onto an external surface of said component, wherein the cr or cr-based alloy is deposited by cold spray or a vapour deposition method,depositing, in a second deposition step, onto an external surface of the component from the first step, cr or a cr-based alloy by means of an electrophoretic deposition method, such that said coated component is obtained.the invention also concerns a method of producing and using a coated component.
a memory (110) of an electronic device (100) has a first portion (111) that is used by an operating system of the electronic device (100), a second portion (112) that is used by one or more software applications running on the electronic device (100), and a third portion (113) that is used by a peripheral device of the electronic device (100). at least one number is stored in a memory location (300) of the third portion (113) of the memory (110) of the electronic device (100). the content of the memory location (300) is read. it is determined that corruption of data stored in the third portion (113) of the memory (110) of the electronic device (100) has occurred if the read content of the memory location (300) is different from the at least one number that was stored in the memory location (300).
disclosed is a ligand regulated protein-protein interaction system based on a lipocalin-fold molecule comprising:(a) a lipocalin-fold molecule(b) a lipocalin-fold ligand with a low molecular weight of 1500 da or below, and(c) a lipocalin-fold binding interaction partner,wherein the lipocalin-fold molecule can bind to the lipocalin-fold ligand; andwherein the lipocalin-fold molecule bound to the lipocalin-fold ligand binds to the lipocalin-fold binding interaction partner with an affinity which is at least 10-fold higher than the affinity of the lipocalin-fold molecule not bound to the lipocalin-fold ligand,and wherein the lipocalin-fold binding interaction partner is not a naturally occurring protein which has an affinity of <10 m to any naturally occurring lipocalin-fold molecule in the presence of any lipocalin-fold ligand.
the invention relates to an outboard motor securing assembly (2) comprising at least one threaded fastening means (4, 6) and an anti-theft protection device (8), where the anti-theft protection device (8) comprices an outboard motor mounting bracket support body (10) and an outboard motor mounting bracket side barrier (12), where the at least one threaded fastening means (4, 6) is arranged to fasten an outboard motor mounting bracket (1) and the anti-theft protection device (8) to a boat transom (3). the invention also relates to an outboard motor securing system comprising two outboard motor securing assemblies (2, 102).
disclosed is a method of controlling wind turbines of a wind farm, each connected to a wind farm grid, in case of a disconnect from a main grid. during the disconnect from the main grid, at least one demand value is transmitted from a digital master grid controller to respective converter units of the wind turbines via a digital data link such that the converter units receive the at least one demand value substantially simultaneously and are operable to keep the wind turbines online and synchronised to the wind farm grid during the disconnect from the main grid.
the present disclosure relates to a process for the manufacturing of an acid halide, wherein the process comprises the steps of:a) providing a flow reactor comprising a reaction chamber;b) providing reactants comprising:i. a carboxylic acid;ii. a reaction co-agent selected from the group consisting of n,n-disubstituted amides; andiii. a phosphoryl halide;c) incorporating the reactants into the reaction chamber of the flow reactor, wherein the molar ratio of the carboxylic acid to the phosphoryl halide is 1 to at least 0.8, and the molar ratio of the carboxylic acid to the co-agent is 1 to at least 0.5; andd) producing a reaction product stream comprising the acid halide.in another aspect, the present disclosure is directed to the use of a phosphoryl halide for the manufacturing of an acid halide in a flow reactor.
the present invention relates to a method for assessing whether a critically ill subject is in need of a renal replacement therapy, wherein the method comprises determining in a sample obtained from said subject the level of proadrenomedullin (proadm) or a fragment thereof, preferably the fragment is mr-proadm, wherein said level of proadm or the fragment thereof is indicative of a need of said subject to receive a renal replacement therapy.
the invention relates to a system for assessing a pulmonary image which allows for an improved assessment with respect to lung nodules detectability. the pulmonary image is smoothed for providing different pulmonary images (20, 21, 22) with different degrees of smoothing, wherein signal values and noise values, which are indicative of the lung vessel detectability and the noise in these images, are determined and used for determining an image quality being indicative of the usability of the pulmonary image to be assessed for detecting lung nodules. since a pulmonary image shows lung vessels with many different vessel sizes and with many different image values, which cover the respective ranges of potential lung nodules generally very well, the image quality determination based on the different pulmonary images (20, 21, 22) with different degrees of smoothing allows for a reliable assessment of the pulmonary image's usability for detecting lung nodules.
an oral care implement (10) comprises a head (14) and a handle (12), the head (14) being repeatedly attachable to and detachable from the handle (12). the head (14) is at least partially made from a material having a density from about 0.5 g/cm3 to about 1.2 g/cm3, while the handle (12) is at least partially made from a material having a density from about 2.1 g/cm3 to about 3.1 g/cm3.
an oral care implement (10) comprises a head (14) and a handle (12), the head (14) being repeatedly attachable to and detachable from the handle (12). the head (14) is made from a non-magnetic and/or non-ferromagnetic material, while the handle (12) is at least partially made from a magnetic and/or ferromagnetic material.
the proposed method comprises automatically controlling allocation, to memories of available hardware resources, of parameters defining computational operations required to calculate an output of at least one layer of neurons of an artificial neural network. the allocation is controlled on the basis of previously-defined allocation data specifying how the operations required to calculate the output of the one layer of neurons are to be allocated to hardware resources to perform the operations. the allocation data is pre-defined using, at least partly, an automatic computer-implemented process, which may include checking before each iteration of the network which of the hardware resources are available to execute that iteration of the network and, if necessary, re-defining the allocation data for that iteration accordingly
a noise cancellation enabled audio device (20), in particular an intra-aural headphone, comprises a speaker (21) which is arranged within the audio device (20) and which has a preferential side (36) for sound emission. the audio device (20) further comprises a first cavity (22) enclosing a first volume of air, where the first cavity (22) is arranged at the preferential side (36) for sound emission of the speaker (21), and an error microphone (23) which is arranged within a second cavity (24) within the audio device (20). the first cavity (22) comprises a first opening (25) to the outside of the audio device (20) and the second cavity (24) comprises a second opening (26) to the outside of the audio device (20). the first and the second opening (25, 26) are both arranged on a side of the audio device (20) which is arranged to face an ear canal (27) of a user such that the error microphone may also record sounds from the environment which may enter through controlled leakage. furthermore, a noise cancellation system (30) including a filter is provided which takes into account the various transfer functions when the headphone is worn.
the present disclosure relates to a process for the manufacturing of a 3-halopropionylhalide, wherein the process comprises the steps of:a) providing a flow reactor comprising a reaction chamber;b) providing reactants comprising:i. acrylic acid;ii. a reaction co-agent selected from the group consisting of n,n-disubstituted amides; andiii. a halogenating agent; andc) incorporating the reactants into the reaction chamber of the flow reactor, thereby forming a reaction product stream comprising a 3-halopropionylhalide; wherein the molar ratio of acrylic acid to the halogenating agent is 1 to at least 0.8; wherein the temperature of the reaction chamber of the flow reactor is greater than 60c; and wherein the residence time of the reaction product stream comprising the 3-halopropionylhalide in the reaction chamber of the flow reactor is greater than 10 minutes.
the present disclosure relates to a process for the manufacturing of a compound comprising a (meth)acryloyl group, wherein the process comprises the steps of:a) providing a multi-screw extruder comprising a reaction chamber;b) providing reactants and reagents comprising:i. an alcohol or a primary or secondary amine;ii. a base; andiii. a (meth)acryloyl halide or a 3-halopropionyl halide; andc) incorporating the reactants and reagents into the reaction chamber of the multi-screw extruder, thereby forming a reaction product stream comprising the compound comprising a (meth)acryloyl group.
the present invention relates to a zwitterionic pillararene derivative having a structure according to the following general formula:thereby, residue r is a zwitterionic hydrocarbon chain. the invention further relates to uses of such zwitterionic pillararene derivative, to products comprising such zwitterionic pillararene derivative, and to a method for manufacturing such zwitterionic pillararene derivative.
a hand device module, the module comprising an attachment face and a sweat receptor face, the attachment face configured to be attached to a hand device and the sweat receptor face configured to receive sweat when the module is attached to the hand device, the module configured to provide the received sweat to a sweat detector, the sweat detector configured to detect one or more properties of the received sweat.
a cable guiding device (11) for guiding a lifting cable and configured for attachment to an outer end of a crane boom. the cable guiding device comprises:- a housing (12) comprising a first side wall (14) and an opposite second side wall (15);- a cable pulley (13) rotatably mounted to the housing (12);- a first mounting stud (16) fixed to the first side wall (14);- a second mounting stud fixed to the second side wall (15), wherein the cable guiding device (11) is pivotally connectable to an outer end of a crane boom through the first and second mounting studs (16, 17); and- a sensor unit (21) which is mounted in a cavity (22) in the first mounting stud (16) and which comprises at least one sensor (23) configured to sense the rotation of the cable pulley (13).
the present invention relates to the compound represented by the general formula (i):whereinx is selected from the group consisting of o, s and se;r1 and r2 are independently selected from the group consisting of c1 to c12 alkyl, c6 to c20 aryl and c5 to c20 heteroaryl, wherein the respective c1 to c12 alkyl may optionally be substituted with c6-c20 aryl;l represents a single bond or is selected from the group consisting of c6 to c18 arylene or c2 to c20 heteroarylene;wherein the rings b, c and d may each be unsubstituted or substituted and b and c are anellated aromatic 6-membered rings;r3 and r4 are independently selected from the group consisting of unsubstituted or substituted c1 to c12 alkyl, unsubstituted or substituted c1 to c12 fluorinated alkyl, unsubstituted or substituted c6 to c20 aryl and unsubstituted or substituted c5 to c20 heteroaryl;wherein the substituents, if present in b, c, d, r3 and r4, are independently selected from the group consisting of c1-c20 linear alkyl, c3-c20 branched alkyl, c3-c20 cyclic alkyl, c1-c20 linear alkoxy, c3-c20 branched alkoxy, linear fluorinated c1-c12 alkyl, linear fluorinated c1-c12 alkoxy, c3-c12 branched fluorinated cyclic alkyl, c3-c12 fluorinated cyclic alkyl, c3-c12 fluorinated cyclic alkoxy, cn, c6-c20 aryl, c2 - c20 heteroaryl, or, sr, (c=o)r, (c=o)nr2, sir3, (s=o)r, (s=o)2r, cr=cr2, fluorine, nr2, no2;wherein r is independently selected from c1-c20 linear alkyl, c1-c20 alkoxy, c1-c20 thioalkyl, c3-c20 branched alkyl, c3-c20 cyclic alkyl, c3-c20 branched alkoxy, c3-c20 cyclic alkoxy, c3-c20 branched thioalkyl, c3-c20 cyclic thioalkyl, c5-c20 aryl and c3-c20 heteroaryl; andr3 and r4 may or may not be connected with each other via a single bond, an organic semiconducting layer comprising the same, an organic electronic device comprising the organic semiconducting layer and a display device or a lighting device comprising the same.
this disclosure relates to a semiconductor package and a method of manufacturing a semiconductor package. the semiconductor package, comprises: a leadframe having a die attach portion (104) and a lead portion (106); a semiconductor die (102) mounted on the die attach portion (104), the semiconductor die (102) having a contact terminal arranged thereon; a clip portion (108) having: a first tab portion (110) receivably mounted in a hole in the lead portion (106), and a second tab portion (114) arranged on either side of the first tab portion (110), wherein the second tab portions (114) are fixedly mounted to connect the clip portion (108) to the lead portion (106).
method for obtaining gaseous ammonium (nh4 +) from an ion source, the ion source comprising a first area (1) and a second area (2) in a fluidly conductive connection, comprising the steps (a) introducing n2 and h2o into the first area (1) and second area (2) of the ion source; (b) applying an ionization method to the mixture of n2 and h2o in the first area (1); (c) applying at least one field or adjusting pressure conditions or a combination of applying at least one field and adjusting pressure conditions promoting flow of ions from the first area (1) to the second area (2) and inducing reactions of the ions in the second area (2); (d) conducting nh4 + out of the ion source. lon-molecule-reaction mass spectrometry instrument ionizing a mixture of n2 and h2o to produce gaseous ammonium (nh4 +) primary ions.
the present invention relates to an electronic device comprising a hole injection layer and/or a hole transport layer and/or a hole generating layer, wherein at least one of the hole injection layer, the hole transport layer and the hole generating layer comprises a coordination complex comprising at least one electropositive atom m having an electronegativity value according to allen of less than 2.4 and at least one ligand l having the following structure:wherein r1 and r2 are independently selected from the group, consisting of c1 to c30 hydrocarbyl groups and c2 to c30 heterocyclic groups, wherein r1 and/or r2 may optionally be substituted with at least one of cn, f, cl, br and i.
the present invention relates to a method for diagnosing pancreatic cancer in a subject suspected to suffer from pancreatic cancer comprising the steps of: (a) determining in a sample of said subject the value of (i) at least one biomarker of the categories carnitines, amino acids, and mitochondrial energy metabolites, and (ii) a first and a second sphingolipid, wherein the fatty acid residue of the first sphingolipid is at least four carbon atoms longer than the fatty acid residue of the second sphingolipid, and wherein the sphingosine backbone of the first sphingolipid and the second sphingolipid are identical; and (b) comparing the values of the biomarkers with references, whereby pancreatic cancer is diagnosed; and to a method for identifying whether a subject is in need of a pancreatic cancer therapy related thereto. the present invention further relates to a device for diagnosing pancreatic cancer in a sample of a subject comprising (a) an analyzing unit for the sample of the subject comprising a detector for the amounts of at least one biomarker each of the categories carnitines, amino acids, energy metabolites, and sphingolipids; said detector allowing for the determination of the amounts of the biomarkers of the said group of biomarkers in the sample; and operatively linked thereto, (b) an evaluation unit comprising a data processing unit and a data base, said data base comprising a stored reference and said data processing unit having tangibly embedded an algorithm for carrying out a comparison of the amounts of the biomarkers of the group of biomarkers determined by the analyzing unit and the stored reference and for generating an output information based on which the diagnosis can be established. further, the present invention relates to a data collection and too a use related to the aforesaid subject matter.
a method for encoding visible light communication information comprises determining (506) an amount of noise in a video frame. the method comprises adjusting a size (510, 512, 514) of a coding block of the video frame based on the determined amount of noise. the method comprises encoding (516) visible light communication information in the coding block of the video frame.
the present disclosure refers to a method for operating an agricultural machine, the agricultural machine having a boom (1) horizontally extending, a balancing system (4) balancing an orientation of the boom (1) in operation, and a tension system (7) adapted for applying pretension to the boom (1), the method comprising: moving the agricultural application machine over soil; balancing the orientation of the boom (1) by the balancing system (4); limiting or completely preventing balancing of the orientation of the boom (1) by the balancing system (4), and keeping the boom (1) in a pre-tensioned orientation by activating the tension system (7); and enabling balancing of the orientation of the boom (1) by the balancing system (4) by deactivating the tension system (7). further, an agricultural machine is provided.
the present invention relates to an organic electronic device comprising at least one inverse coordination complex, the inverse coordination complex comprising: (i) a core consisting of one atom or of a plurality of atoms forming together a covalent cluster; (ii) a first coordination sphere consisting of at least four electropositive atoms having each individually an electronegativity according to allen of less than 2.4; and (iii) a second coordination sphere comprising a plurality of ligands; wherein the first coordination sphere is closer to the core than the second coordination sphere; and all atoms of the core have a higher electronegativity according to allen than any of the electropositive atoms of the first coordination sphere and a method for preparing the same.
the present invention refers to a method for locking or unlocking of at least one function of an electric device (1), in particularly a mobile device like a smart phone or a tablet pc. this method at least comprises the steps:activating a camera (4) of the device (1), capturing a scene with the camera (4), darken the scene in a sequence, analyzing if the captured sequence matches with a pre-defined sequence or a predefined code, wherein the pre-defined sequence or predefined code is stored in a data storage means of the device (1), locking or unlocking the at least one function of the device (1).
the present disclosure provides a hearing protection device. the hearing protection device comprises a first earpiece comprising a first transducer for provision of a first ear canal input signal and a first receiver for provision of a first audio output signal based on a first ear canal output signal. the hearing protection device comprises a second earpiece comprising a second transducer for provision of a second ear canal input signal and a second receiver for provision of a second audio output signal based on a second ear canal output signal. the hearing protection device comprises a first mixer module, connected to the first earpiece and a controller module, for provision of a first output signal based on one or more first input signals. the hearing protection device comprises a second mixer module, connected to the second earpiece and the controller module, for provision of a second output signal based on one or more second input signals.
the present invention relates to a computer-implemented method for inferring activity of a mapk-ap-1 cellular signaling pathway in a subject based on expression levels of three or more target genes of the mapk-ap-1 cellular signaling pathway measured in a sample of the subject. the present invention further relates to an apparatus, to a non-transitory storage medium, and to a computer program for inferring activity of a mapk-ap-1 cellular signaling pathway in a subject. the present invention further relates to a kit for measuring expression levels of three or more target genes of the mapk-ap-1 cellular signaling pathway in a sample of a subject, to a kit for inferring activity of a mapk-ap-1 cellular signaling pathway in a subject, and to the use of such kits in performing the method.
the invention relates to an electrical contact pin (33), in particular for a plug connector (1), comprising at least one outer thread (37) for fastening the electrical contact pin (33) to the plug connector (1). the invention further relates to a plug connector (1) for establishing an electrical connection with a mating plug connector (9), comprising an insulating sheath (5) and a contact member (21) at least partially received in a sheath receptacle (17) of the insulating sheath (5). electrical contact pins (33) and plug connectors (1) are known in the art, wherein the electrical contact pin (33) may get stuck or even damaged during assembly. the inventive electrical contact pin overcomes this disadvantage by at least one centering element (39) with a tapered section (41) for centering and/or positioning of the electrical contact pin (33), which centering element (39) extends from one end (43) of the electrical contact pin (33). the inventive plug connector (1) comprises the inventive electrical contact pin (33).
there is provided a method of designing a backlight module for a flat panel display device having an liquid crystal display (lcd) panel, the method comprising the steps of: defining mechanical and optical parameters for mechanical and optical components of the display device; generating a model based at least in part on the defined mechanical and optical parameters, the model defining one or more relationships between one or more mechanical and/or optical parameters; applying constraints on the values of the mechanical and optical parameters within the model; utilising the model and said defined constraints to generate a configuration of mechanical and optical components forming a design of a backlight module which is optimised for at least one mechanical or optical criterion; and generating a design for a backlight module based on said generated configuration.
computer system (100), computer-implemented method and computer program product are provided for synchronous data transmission of multiple data streams. the system receives a plurality of raw data streams (301 to 30n) being simultaneously captured by respective capturing devices. some raw data streams are enriched with clock meta data reflecting clock data of a lead raw data stream. at least one data compression module (130) compresses at compressible data chunks wherein compression algorithms are used which are associated with the raw data types of the compressible data chunks. a multiplexer (120) merges data chunks associated with the a time interval into a merged data block (300c) by inserting the data chunks into the merged data block together with header information specifying for each data chunk at least the respective raw data type, a respective compression indicator, and the position of the data chunk inside the merged data block (300c). a transmitter (122) transmits, the merged data block (300c) over a network (400) in a single data stream through a single channel (401) to a receiving device (200).
the present invention relates to a network node for a cellular network, the cellular network being configured to support at least two radio access technologies in an interworking relationship, wherein the network node is configured to support a first of said radio access technology to at least one user equipment camping on the network node, and to interwork with at least one network node of the second of said radio access technologies, upon reception of a request message from said user equipment, said request message comprising at least one service related criterion, the network node is configured to determine the service suitability based on said at least one service related criterion for the first and the second radio access technology, and if the service suitability of the second radio access technology is higher than the service suitability of the first radio access technology, redirect the user equipment to a second network node of the cellular network supporting said second radio access technology.
the present invention relates to compounds, compositions for use and methods for the treatment of a sting associated disease, condition, or disorder.
the present invention relates to a method of making a two-component piston (16), the two-component piston (16) comprising a piston cover (30) as the first component and a piston body (28) as the second component, wherein the piston cover (30) is arranged adjacent to the piston body (28) and is configured to be moved relative to the piston body (28), the method comprising the steps of:- forming the piston cover (30), and subsequently- forming the piston body (28) at the piston cover (30).the invention further relates to an injection mold (90) for a two-component piston, a two-component piston (16) for a cartridge (10), the two-component piston (16) comprising the piston cover (30) as the first component and the piston body (28) as the second component, wherein the piston cover (30) is configured to be moved relative to the piston body (28) and wherein the piston cover (30) is non-releasably connected to the piston body (28), with the non-releasable connection between the piston body (28) and the piston cover (30) being produced by a part (62) of the piston body (28) that extends through an attachment portion (64) of the piston cover (30) and to a cartridge provided with said two-component piston (16).
the present invention relates to a two-component piston (16) for a cartridge (10), the two-component piston comprising a piston cover (30) as the first component and a piston body (28) as the second component, wherein the piston has a first side and a second side, wherein a rear side of the piston cover is arranged adjacent to at least a part of the piston body, wherein a front side of the piston cover is arranged at the first side, wherein the rear side of the piston cover comprises a valve member, in particular a valve pin (52), the valve member being configured and arranged to be received within the piston body and to extend into the piston body towards the second side, wherein the piston cover (30) is configured to be moved relative to the piston body (28) on actuation of the valve member and wherein the piston cover (30) is non-releasably connected to the piston body (28). the invention further relates to a cartridge comprising such a piston and to a method of venting a cartridge.
there is disclosed an apparatus for transferring a semiconductor device from a wafer to a target position. the apparatus comprises at least one rotatable transfer assembly, which comprises a transfer head rotatable about an axis of rotation of the rotatable transfer assembly to transfer a semiconductor device from a pick-up position to a transfer position. the apparatus also comprises a transfer assembly actuator arrangement operative to effect movement of the at least one rotatable transfer assembly in an axial direction relative to a plane of rotation of the transfer head.
method for estimating a steering torque (28), in particular for the lateral control of a vehicle (34), comprising the steps of detecting at least one signal on a current vehicle state and/or current vehicle environment, determining a desired steering angle () by a steering control unit (42) based on the at least one detected signal, estimating a vehicle lateral force on the basis of a tire dynamics model, including the determined steering angle () as an input factor, estimating a vehicle lateral force on the basis of a lateral dynamics model, correcting the lateral force value estimated by the tire dynamics model on the basis of the lateral force value estimated by the lateral dynamics model, estimating a self-aligning torque (32) based on the corrected lateral force value, and estimating a steering torque (28) from the estimated self-aligning torque (32).
the present invention provides an extracorporeal dialysis apparatus which allows the automation of some operations in order to make possible a safe home treatment or to facilitate the treatment process for example the priming and/or the blood return process. thus, the object is to automatically perform a series of processes from hemodialysis preparation to treatment completion safely, reliably and speedily, and to significantly reduce the labor and supply costs.
the document describes a system which is easy to move in order to allow travelling anywhere in the world. the invention provides different potential features and embodiments such as the container support, the loading system, the shape of the housing, ...
the present invention provides an unmanned marine surface vessel comprising a pair of outer hulls and a centre hull, the centre hull being dimensioned to define a shallower draught than the outer hulls when the vessel is deployed on the surface of a body of water, and which vessel is therefore adapted to provide a relatively low cost, low risk, and long range means of collecting large quantities of ocean data.
a power supply unit for an electronic device includes an input section comprising input terminals connectable to a primary power source, an output section comprising output terminals connectable to the electronic device and outputting at least two secondary voltages having different nominal voltage levels, and a power management section. the power management section is configured to perform a shutdown process upon existence of a shutdown criterion, wherein the emergency shutdown process comprises decreasing each of the secondary voltages down to a predetermined safety level in a controlled manner.
there is disclosed an electronic device comprising a die and at least one lead. the electronic device further comprises a corresponding at least one connector (212), the or each connector for connecting the die (202) to a corresponding lead or leads (210), and the or each connector (212) comprising a first end (218) disposed in bondable proximity to a complementary surface of the corresponding lead (210) and a second end (214) disposed in bondable proximity to a complementary surface of the die (202). an end portion of at least one of the first end (218) and second end (214) comprises a formation (226, 326, 426), the formation (226, 326, 426) in combination with the complementary surface (224) of one, or both, of the respective lead (210) or the die (202) defining therebetween a first region (228a, 328a, 428a) and at least a second region (228b, 328b, 428b) configured to attract by capillary action an electrically conductive bonding material to consolidate therein. there is also disclosed a connector for use in an electronic device.
the present invention relates to methods for forming bonded particulate refractory materials for use in metal-working, comprising the steps of providing a fine particulate metal oxide, providing an aqueous alkaline composition, providing a particulate refractory mould material, mixing the said fine particulate metal oxide, the said aqueous alkaline composition and the said particulate refractory mould material, and shooting the obtained mixture in a core shooter. substantially all the water included in the obtained mixture is derived from the aqueous alkaline solution. also part of the present invention are materials and articles obtained according to the method, as well as particulate compositions for use in the method.
the present invention is in the field of clinical diagnostics. particularly, the present invention relates to the assessment of severity of a subject being suspected of an infection or having an infection, who may have physiological signs or increased risk factors for infection, in particular from an infectious disease by determination of the levels of procalcitonin (hereinafter: pct) (seq id no: 1 and/ or proadrenomedullin (hereinafter: proadm)) (seq id no: 3) or a partial peptide or fragment thereof, in particular midregional proadrenomedullin (mr-proadm) (seq id no: 2), in a sample of a patient and the invention is related to a workflow hereto. moreover, the invention refers to the assessment related to an infection like ruling out/in a patient and stratification, risk assessment, in particular to avoid rehospitalisation and hospital and post-discharge mortality.
a circuit breaker (1) includes: first and second contacts (10, 20) moveable relative to each other along an axis (2) of the circuit breaker (1) between an open and closed configuration and defining an arcing region (3) in which an arc is formed during current breaking operation; a nozzle (30) directing a flow of quenching gas onto the arcing region (3) during current breaking operation, a diffusor (40) downstream of the nozzle (30) for further transporting the quenching gas within the arcing region (3) and/or downstream of the arcing region (3), and a mechanical swirling device (50) arranged downstream of the nozzle (30) and at least partially in the diffusor (40) for imparting a swirl onto the quenching gas flowing along the diffusor (40), the mechanical swirling device (50) having an axial overlap with the second contact (20) in the open configuration of the circuit breaker (1).
a compressor blade (5) extending spanwise from a hub section (6) to a tip section (7) and having intermediate airfoil cross sections (s), said cross sections having a stagger angle (y) comprised between a chord (c) and a meridional axis (m), characterized in that the blade (5) has a spanwise stagger angle distribution (s) defined as a function of the relative span (s) of the blade by the equation: s=0+s1−0+1/0*wsas, where wsa(s) is a weighted stagger angle defined, as a function of the relative span, by a curve comprised between the following equations: wsamins=−43.5987s6+108.76701s5−69.1667s4−22.5948s3+27.9252s2−1.3318s; andwsamaxs=−20s2+20s.
the present invention relates to the management of shared work spaces. a goal is to accurately reflect the actual status of a booking as close to real time as possible. embodiments of the invention allow for low-power, battery operated, motion sensor devices to report the actual status of shared work spaces to a central server using existing wireless communications means in the environment where the shared work spaces are to be managed.
the present invention relates to a method for determining the potency of a supernatant of a mammalian cell culture to be used in the treatment of an inflammatory condition.
the invention relates to airborne range finder configured to be arranged on an aircraft for surveying a target, wherein the airborne range finder comprises an emitter configured for emitting electromagnetic pulses towards the target, a receiver configured for receiving backscattered pulses, wherein the receiver comprises a projection surface comprising an inner area and an outer area, focusing optics configured and arranged for imaging pulses backscattered from a distance equal to or longer than a threshold distance onto at least a part of the inner area, and pulses backscattered from a distance shorter than said threshold distance onto the inner area and at least a part of the outer area, a detector configured for detecting and outputting pulses imaged onto the projection surface separately with respect to the inner area and the outer area, and a recorder configured for reading the detector and storing pulses detected only within the inner area as target pulses, storing pulses detected at least in part within the outer area as near-field pulses, and tagging each stored pulse with a corresponding pulse reception time, and a control unit configured for controlling the emitter and the receiver.
a pump including:- a stator (4),- a rotor (6) slidably and rotatably mounted at least partially in the stator, the rotor comprising a first axial extension (24) having a first diameter (d1) and a second axial extension (26) having a second diameter (d2) greater than the first diameter,- a first valve (v1) formed by a first valve seal (18) mounted on the stator around the first axial extension, in conjunction with a first channel (42) in the rotor that is configured to allow liquid communication across the first valve seal when the first valve is in an open position,- a second valve (v2) formed by a second valve seal (20) mounted on the stator around the second axial extension, in conjunction with a second channel (44) in the rotor that is configured to allow liquid communication across the second valve seal when the second valve is in an open position, and- a pump chamber (8) formed between the rotor and stator and between the first valve seal and second valve seal.the pump further comprises a priming actuator (30) mounted on a housing of the stator and movable from a locked operating position to a priming position, the priming actuator (30) configured to engage and axially displace the rotor from an operating position in which at least one of the first and second valves is closed, to a priming position in which both first and second valves are open.
a method for forming an intermediate (100) in the fabrication of a field-effect transistor sensor, the method comprising:a. providing a substrate having a substrate region (210) comprising a gate dielectric (211) thereon and optionally a nanocavity therein (212),b. providing a sacrificial element (310) over the substrate region (210),c. providing one or more layers (400) having a combined thickness of at least 100 nm over the sacrificial element (310),d. opening an access (500) to the sacrificial element (310) through the one or more layers (400), ande. optionally selectively removing the sacrificial element (310), thereby opening a sensor cavity (300) over the substrate region (210);wherein the sacrificial element (310) is removable by oxidation and wherein, if step e is performed, selectively removing the sacrificial element (310) comprises an oxidative removal.
the invention discloses a coating (1) for a component (2), in particular an electrical component, wherein the coating comprises tin (10), characterized in that the coating comprises aluminium (11) and/or magnesium (12). further, the invention discloses a component (2) with such a coating (1). moreover, a method for applying the coating (1) is disclosed.
a method of generating a strategy for performing a radiotherapy-based treatment and a system for performing the method. during a radiotherapy-based treatment, characteristics of side-effects are monitored and a risk value of the subject modified based on the characteristics. a new treatment strategy for the radiotherapy-based treatment is obtained based on the modified risk value.
a device for irradiation of fluid with uv light having for disinfection purposes has a fluid passage for fluid flowing through it, at least one uv light source being arranged within the fluid passage and an energy source for the uv light source being arranged completely outside the fluid passage. energy transfer means are provided for the wireless and contactless transmission of energy from the energy source to the at least one uv light source. this energy transmission can be inductively, such that the uv light source is activated directly or via an oscillating circuit. the energy transmission can also take place with microwaves. the device can be integrated into a washing machine with uv light sources inside a drum.
a coffee machine makes use of a valve arrangement for controlling the coupling of a water heater outlet selectively to one of two or more outlets, such as a steam delivery nozzle, a brew chamber and a water collection unit (e.g. drip tray). the valve arrangement comprises a rotatable routing element, wherein the angular position of the routing element controls the coupling of the inlet channel to one of the outlets. the rotation is driven by rotational coupling to a brew chamber motor. this coffee machine design makes use of a single valve arrangement to provide the flow control from the water heater. this provides a compact arrangement with a low component count and simple control mechanism.
a method for setting a motion trigger level to be used in detection of motion in a video stream depicting a scene is presented. the method comprising:receiving (302) data pertaining to a video stream depicting the scene; dividing (304) the scene into a plurality of specific portions; wherein each image frame of the video stream comprises multiple blocks of pixels, wherein each specific portion of the scene is associated with one or more block of pixels; and for each specific portion of the scene: evaluating (306), over time, statistical features of bitrate associated with an encoding of block of pixels pertaining to the specific portion of the scene; determining (308) a motion base level based on the evaluated statistical features of bitrate associated with the encoding of block of pixels pertaining to the specific portion of the scene; and setting (310) a motion trigger level based on the motion base level. also a circuitry configured to set a motion trigger level to be used in detection of motion in a video stream depicting a scene is presented.
a method for reducing noise in a sound signal of a hearing device (10) comprises: receiving an inside channel sound signal (si) from a first microphone (12) in an ear channel of a user, a first outside channel sound signal (so1) from a second microphone (14) outside of the ear channel and a second outside channel sound signal (so2) from a third microphone (16) outside of the ear channel; determining a desired signal (sdes) from the first and second outside channel sound signals (so1, so2) and a disturb signal (sdis) from the first and second outside channel sound signals; determining a frequency band dependent weight factor () by dividing a magnitude value of the desired signal (sdes) in a frequency band through at least a magnitude value of the disturb signal (sdis) in the frequency band; and generating a noise reduced sound signal (sa) by multiplying the inside channel sound signal (si) with the weight factor ().
a method for determining a local contrast value for a digital image captured by an image sensor in a camera is presented. the method comprising: applying an edge detection algorithm to image data of the digital image, thereby obtaining a data set pertaining to edges in the digital image; calculating, based on said data set, an edge occurrence value for the digital image; estimating, based on image data of the digital image and a noise model of the image sensor, an estimated image sensor noise for the digital image; and computing the local contrast value as a relationship between the edge occurrence value of the digital image and the expected edge occurrence value for the digital image. also a method for adjusting a focus setting of a camera using the local contrast value for images captured by the camera is presented.
a laboratory automation device (10) comprises a plurality of device components (14, 16), which are controlled by digital control commands (26), the digital control commands (26) being generated by a controller (20) of the laboratory automation device (10) from assay definition data (38) defining an assay procedure for the laboratory automation device (10). a method for monitoring the laboratory automation device (10) comprises: receiving the control commands (26); inputting the control commands (26) into a simulation model (46) of the laboratory automation device (10), the simulation model (46) comprising model components (54) for at least some of the device components (14, 16); updating the simulation model (46) by simulating state changes of the device components (14, 16) based on the control commands (26); determining a desired processing state (60) of the laboratory automation device (10) from the assay definition data (38) and a virtual processing state (62) of the laboratory automation device (10) from the updated simulation model (46); and comparing the desired processing state (60) with the virtual processing state (62) for deciding, whether the assay procedure was correctly executed.
there is provided a method of adding comfort noise to a video sequence. the method comprises setting parameters of a deblocking filter of a video encoder to change values during the video sequence, encoding frames of the video sequence using the parameters of the deblocking filter that are set to change values during the video sequence, thereby introducing comfort noise in the video sequence, and including the encoded frames in a bitstream together with an indication of which parameters of the deblocking filter were used when encoding the frames of the video sequence.
method for operating the drive of a vacuum interrupter in opening modus, wherein the opening movement of at least one movable contact is divided into serial phases, an opening phase and an isolating phase, driven in at least two different velocities, in order to steer the opening movement of a vacuum interrupter in such, that in case of low load, the inductive energy of the complete electrical circuit will be damped more effectively, the invention is, that in the opening and/or disconnecting phase the velocity of the opening movement is lower, than in the isolating phase.
the invention relates to an apparatus for handling a rod shaped element to be inserted into or removed from an eye of a patient, the apparatus comprising tweezers having a pair of legs joined to one another at a first end, and a second end of each leg comprises a gripping element, wherein the gripping elements can be manually moved from a first spaced apart position to a second gripping position.the invention also relates to a system comprising such an apparatus and to the use of such an apparatus.
the application describes a method of facial recognition for authenticating a user of an electronic device and an electronic device (100). the method comprises capturing at least a low resolution image with a low resolution image capture device (101) and analysing the low resolution image to detect the presence of a face in the image. where a face is detected, a high resolution image capture device (102) is then activated to capture at least one high resolution image. the high resolution image is then analysed to recognise the face of an authorised user of the device. if the face is recognised, the user is authenticated and the device is placed in second configuration in which additional functionality of the device is made available to the user.
the present invention relates to polypeptides having cellulase activity, in particular to variants derived from the 20k-cellulase enzyme. the invention discloses a number of amino acid residue positions important for the properties of the cellulase enzyme and thereby for the stability and/or performance thereof. the novel variants have improved stability compared to the parental cellulase. in particular, the novel variants have good performance in an antigreying application and excellent stability in the presence of a protease in several detergent compositions even in long-term experiments.
the invention relates to a cable lug (1) as it is used for terminating an electric cable (18) and for contacting an appliance (11). the cable lug (1) comprises a cable-side end section (28) for directly or indirectly contacting the electric cable (18). for indirectly contacting the electric cable, an adapter (22) may be provided. an appliance-side end section (30) for contacting the appliance of an appliance-side connector (10) is also comprised by the cable lug (1). between the cable-side end section (28) and the appliance-side end section (30) a main body (27) of the cable lug extends. the main body comprises at least one radially protruding collar (38) which may be a part separate from the main body (27) or monolithically integrated into the main body. the collar (38) secures and centers the cable lug (1) if the cable lug (1) is inserted into a cable lug receptacle (6) of an insulator body (4). within the insulator body (4), the electric connection between the cable lug (1) and the appliance-side connector (10) is established.
the present invention relates to a method for validating sensor units in a uav. the uav comprising: a first sensor unit and a second sensor unit, each sensor unit being configured to create an image of the surroundings. the method comprising the steps of: taking a first image by the first sensor unit, taking a second image by the second sensor unit, wherein the second image and the first image at least partly overlap, and comparing the overlapping portions between the first image and the second image. based on a result in which the overlapping portions of the first image and the second image do not correlate to each other, it is determined that at least one of the first sensor unit and the second sensor unit is dysfunctional.
an augmented interactive reality system (1) comprises a display unit (3) comprising a projector module (7) and an optical element (8). a method for operating an augmented interactive reality system (1) comprises the following steps: a virtual surface (5) is generated. the image (6, 13, 16) is visualized by projecting the image (6, 13, 16) on the optical element (8). the image (6, 13, 16) is projected by the projector module (7). the image (6, 13, 16) is visualized such that from a perspective of a user (2) of the augmented interactive reality system (1) using the display unit (3) the image (6, 13, 16) appears to be attached to the virtual surface (5).
embodiments of monolithic antenna architectures are described herein which comprise one or more antenna elements are formed in an integrated process with associated electronic components. one such architecture (400') comprises a thin film transistor layer (430) formed on a flexible substrate (410). a dielectric layer (450) is formed over the thin film transistor layer (430) with an electrode or antenna structure (460) formed over the dielectric layer (440). in this way, a chip in the thin film transistor layer is of comparable size to that of the antenna structure and can be formed as a monolithic structure.
the present invention relates to aqueous compositions comprising one or more silicones and a synergistic combination of anti-microbiological agents, to a process for preparing the aqueous compositions, and to the use of said aqueous compositions, in particular, for the manufacture of home care articles, household cleansing articles, fabric articles, cosmetic articles, hygienic articles, medical articles etc.
the present invention relates to a transceiver device comprising a real time clock (20) arranged for providing a clock signal and a receiving section comprising- a main receiver (40) arranged for receiving communication signals,- a wake-up receiver (10) arranged for receiving a calibration signal comprising clock timing information containing a time stamp and for adjusting said real time clock based on said clock timing information.
the present invention relates to agonistic icos-binding molecules comprising at least one antigen binding domain that binds to a tumor-associated antigen and their use in combination with t-cell bispecific molecules in the treatment of cancer, the agonistic icos-binding molecules as such, pharmaceutical compositions containing these molecules, and methods of using the same.
an apparatus, method and computer program, the apparatus comprising: means for enabling three dimensional content to be rendered; means for determining movement of the apparatus; means for controlling scrolling of the three dimensional content, wherein if the movement of the apparatus is within a first category the three dimensional content is scrolled to correspond to the movement of the apparatus and if the movement of the apparatus is within a second category the three dimensional content is not scrolled.
the inventive concept relates to a method for manufacturing a metal based component (100, 200) having a cavity (103, 203). the method comprises the steps of: providing a plurality of segments (110, 210) corresponding to different portions of the metal based component; arranging the plurality of segments in a stack (120, 220) in such a way that the shape of the stack corresponds to the shape of the metal based component, and that a void (130, 230) is formed in the stack, wherein the shape of at least a portion of the void corresponds to the shape of the cavity; filling at least the first portion of the void with an incompressible filler (140, 240); removing gas from the stack; subjecting the stack to a hot pressing process to form the metal based component comprising the cavity; removing at least a part of the incompressible filler from the metal based component.
a wearable device for monitoring a joint of a human or animal body is provided comprising a bandage for protecting and/or supporting a joint of the body, the joint being located between a first and a second body part. the bandage comprises a first bandage section which is attachable to the first body part, a second bandage section which is attachable to the second body part and a third bandage section which at least partially covers the joint. the wearable device further comprises at least one sensor for acquiring sensor data which is characteristic for the condition of the joint, and a communication device for wireless transmission of the acquired sensor data. in addition, the wearable device comprises at least one sensor which is configured for measuring a swelling of the joint and at least one sensor which is configured for measuring an orientation and/or a motion of the first body part relative to the second body part.further aspects of the invention relate to a system comprising such a wearable device and to a method for monitoring the condition of a joint of a human or animal body.
there is provided a computer-implemented method for encrypting an input (10) to an electronic system to generate a corresponding output (50). the input (10) comprises a plurality of input data elements and the output (50) comprises a respective plurality of output data elements. the method comprises:(i) generating, by applying (75) a predetermined irreversible method (25) to a predetermined data element (30), a key having a plurality of key data elements; and(ii) applying (115) a predetermined reversible complicating method (40) to each of the plurality of input data elements (10) using a respective one of the plurality of key data elements or a respective combination of two or more of the plurality of key data elements, thereby to generate a respective output data element (50).there is also provided a communications system (5, 15, 20) in which the computer-implemented method is used to encrypt data (10) for transmission over a network (15), and a computer program for implementing the method.
a non-volatile random-access memory, nvram, accesses a stored file from a non-volatile memory (104) via an nvram monitor (102) and saves a copy of the file in a memory of the nvram. the nvram monitor (102) retains a copy of the file in a memory of the nvram monitor. the nvram (100) receives a write request to modify the file and updates the copy of the file in the memory of the nvram (100) based on the write request received by the nvram (100). the nvram (100) sends a copy of the updated file to the nvram monitor (102) and the nvram monitor (102) saves a copy of the updated file in the memory of the nvram monitor (102). the nvram monitor (102) saves the updated file in the non-volatile memory (104).
the present invention relates to an implant driver comprising a driving part (2) having a central axis (20). the driving part (2) comprises at least two driving splines (21) extending radially outwards from the driving part (2) for engagement with a dental implant (5) for transferring a rotational force from the implant driver (1) to the implant (5). the driving part (2) further comprises at least two clamping splines (22) extending radially outwards from the driving part (2) to achieve a clamping function. the at least two driving splines (21) and the at least two clamping splines (22) have different dimensions. additionally, the present invention also relates to an implant system comprising such an implant driver and a dental implant.
the present disclosure relates to a method for controlling a driving condition for a tractor of agricultural machine having a tractor, an implement having an application device for applying a material selected from the group of a granular material, a liquid material, and a powder-form material, the implement being carried or trailed by the tractor and comprising a supply container for receiving the material, an application device for applying the material, and a weight sensor device having at least one weight sensor configured to sense an empty weight and a filling weight for the supply container, and a tractor implement management system, the tractor implement management system operationally connected to the weight sensor device and configured to generate control signals for controlling driving conditions of the tractor. the method comprises moving the agricultural machine by tractor driving, measuring first weight signals by the weight sensor device, the first weight signals indicative of a first driving condition for the movement of the agricultural machine, providing first tractor control signals in the tractor implement management system, the first tractor control signals generated in response to the first weight signals and configured to apply a first control condition to the tractor driving, and applying the first tractor control signals for controlling the tractor driving. further, an agricultural machine is provided.
the present invention is directed to an aerosol cosmetic composition, temporary keratin fiber dyeing method, and device which employ pigments and organopolysiloxane graft polymers in an environment with low water content. good dyeing properties combined with wear and water resistance were found.
the invention relates to a method of pre-surgical risk stratification of a prostate cancer subject, comprising determining a gene expression profile for phosphodiesterase 4d variant 7 (pde4d7) in a biological sample obtained from the subject, determining an expression based risk score for the subject based on the gene expression profile, and determining a pre-surgical prognostic risk score for the subject based on the expression based risk score and pre-surgical clinical variables of the subject. this may allow for an improved stratification of the subject in a pre-surgical setting that may result in better primary treatment decisions. for instance, the pre-surgical prognostic risk score may allow to make better recommendations on whether to select active surveillance vs. active intervention, e.g., radical prostatectomy, for certain sub-populations of prostate cancer patients.
the present invention refers to a method for capturing at least one photo or video, in particularly selfies, with a smartphone (4). the present method preferably comprises at least the steps:activating a camera (6) of the smartphone (4) arranged at the frontside of the smartphone (4), wherein the frontside of the smartphone (4) also comprises a touch display (8),displaying images captured by the camera (6) with the touch screen (8),displaying a touch field with the touch screen (8), wherein the touch field defines a triggering area (1) of the touch screen (8) for triggering a photo or video taking step, wherein the photo or video taking step comprises detecting an element, in particularly finger, touching the touch screen (8) in the triggering area (1), characterized in that at least one parameter of the triggering area (1) modifies in dependency of a movement parameter of the smartphone (4), wherein the movement parameter of the smartphone (4) is detected by at least one sensor means, wherein the sensor means is part of the smartphone (4).
the invention provides a method of controlling an interaction between the two parties, at least one of which is an al party, the method comprising: setting a threshold level for a predetermined factor relating to interaction between the two parties; during the interaction, monitoring the predetermined factor; and, when the threshold for the predetermined factor is exceeded, triggering an alarm for a human user. the invention also provides an al communication method and refrigerator utilising the method.
a method for calibrating a radar transceiver comprising configuring a target object with a modulating transceiver associated with a first modulation, configuring the radar transceiver with a modulator associated with a second modulation configured to invert the first modulation and having a zero mean value, wherein the modulator is arranged to modulate an output of an analog to digital converter, adc, of the radar transceiver, integrating an output signal of the modulator to generate an integrated received radar signal corresponding to a radar detection of the target object, and determining a calibration parameter of the radar transceiver based on the integrated received radar signal.
the present invention relates to a cooker with a control unit (5) for controlling an operation of the cooker which comprises a hob (9) configured to be heated by a burner (13). further, the cooker comprises a gas supply line (17) configured to supply the burner (13) with gas for heating the hob (9) and a gas supply valve (21) connected to the gas supply line (17) and configured to be set in an open state where gas is allowed to pass the gas supply valve (21) in the direction of the burner (13) and a closed state where gas is prohibited from passing the gas supply valve (21) in the direction of the burner (13). opening and/or closing of the gas supply valve(21) is performed by the control unit (5) . an induction assembly (1) is arranged between the gas supply valve (21) and the burner (13) and inductively connected to the gas supply line (17) so as to, in the open state of the gas supply valve (21), induce an electric current and feed the electric current to the control unit (5).
the invention relates to a support unit capable of supporting at least two mobile devices. the support unit comprises two support surfaces for supporting the at least two mobile device. the support surfaces comprises retaining elements of a type, a shape and a size congruent with a type, a shape and a size of the at least one mobile device or of a cover of at least one mobile device. the support unit has at least a first electric interface and a second electric interface for a corresponding first electric interface and second electric interface, respectively, of different first and second mobile devices. the retaining elements are at least for retaining a mobile device being a payment terminal, and the retaining elements consisting of tongues extending along linear lines at opposite sides of a support surface for a cover for the payment terminal.
the invention relates to at least a first cover and second cover for a first payment terminal and a second payment terminal. size and shape of first and second covers and of the first and second payment terminals are different. the invention also relates to one holder for such covers. furthermore the invention relates to method and use of said covers and of said holder. the first cover and the second cover have grooves extending along parallel linear lines at opposite sides of the covers. the one holder has tongues extending along parallel linear lines at opposite sides of the holder. a distance between all parallel linear lines of the covers and of the one holder is the same, so that both the first cover and the second cover may be placed in the one and same holder.
a method of vertical forming of a concrete structure (10) comprises the steps of providing a reservoir (300) of concrete with a predetermined hardening characteristic; providing a reservoir (200) of a shell compound; building up a self-supporting circumferential shell acting as formwork having essentially the contour (22) of said concrete structure (10) through delivering the shell compound in an additive manufacturing process; and filling the self-supporting circumferential shell with said concrete.
the present disclosure refers to a boom mounting assembly for attachment to an agricultural machine, comprising a primary frame (12); and a boom support frame (1) configured to support a boom (10) and suspended from the primary frame (12) such that the boom support frame (1) can pivot in a transverse plane around a longitudinal axis of rotation provided in a pivot point. the boom support frame (1) comprises a first sub-frame (2) connecting to the primary frame (12); a second sub-frame (3) supported by the first sub-frame (2) in support sections provided, in a transverse direction, on opposite sides of the pivot point; and an actuator (7) connecting to the first (2) and second (3) sub-frames and operable such that the support sections can be moved relative to the pivot point, thereby, in a transverse direction increasing a distance between the pivot point and a support section on one side of the pivot point and, at the same time, decreasing a distance between the pivot point and a support section on an opposite side of the pivot point and vice versa. further, a method for controlling operation of a boom mounting assembly attached to an agricultural machine is provided.
the present invention relates to an apparatus and method for preventing heavy metal addition by addition of liquid water to powdery substance, slurry, melt, and/or dough to be extruded into feed or food pellets. the invention also relates to a method of producing feed or food pellets from a powdery substance, slurry, melt, and/or dough in which addition of heavy metal originating from tap water is mitigated.
computer system (100), computer-implemented method and computer program product are provided for extracting dynamic content data (221) from a website (220) in a machine-readable format. the system has an interface (110) to access configuration data (250) reflecting the structure of the website (220). the configuration data includes at least a website specific scraping script and one or more website specific xpath statements. further, the interface receives a data retrieval request (210) specifying the website (220) and corresponding dynamic content data (221) to be retrieved. a scraper module (120) provides the scraping script (2050) for execution wherein the scraping script is configured to perform one or more parameterized navigation steps on the website (220) to access the dynamic content data (221). a script module (140) triggers execution of the scraping script and receives html/xml data associated with the dynamic content data from the website (220) in response to the scraping script execution. an xpath extraction module (150) extracts machine-readable content data (222) from the html/xml data wherein the xpath extraction module is pre-configured with the website specific xpath statements in accordance with the structure of the website (220).
a radar unit (400) for detecting an existence of interference is described that includes: a millimetre wave (mmw) transceiver (tx/rx) circuit configured to radiate a transmit radar signal and receive an echo signal thereof; a mixed analog and baseband circuit operably coupled to the mmw tx/rx circuit; and a signal processor circuit (452) operably coupled to the mixed analog and baseband circuit. an interference detection unit (448) is operably coupled to the mmw tx/rx circuit and configured to: monitor a whole or a portion of a radar frequency band supported by the radar unit and identify, from a received interference signal, an arrival direction of the identified interference and a level of interference and output an interference detected signal; and wherein the signal processor circuit (452) is configured to analyse the interference detected signal and quantify a response to the detection of an arrival direction and a level of received interference.
the invention relates to a child safety seat (100) adapted to be secured with a safety belt (40) of a vehicle, comprising a seat shell (20) for receiving a child; and a seat base (10) for being placed on a seat of the vehicle. the seat base (10) comprises a base member (1) coupled to the seat shell (20); a pivoting component (2) connected pivotably to the base member (1); and an engaging member (3) configured to engage with the safety belt (40) of the vehicle, wherein the engaging member (3) is coupled to the pivoting component (2) such that a movement of the engaging member (3) in a certain direction relative to the base member (1) causes the pivoting component (2) to pivot away from the base member (1).
the present invention relates to alkyne- and/or azide-modified mrna, processes for producing such modified mrna, cells which are transfected to include the modified mrna, pharmaceutical compositions containing the modified mrna or cells including the modified mrna, and to uses of such mrna, cells or pharmaceutical compositions in mrna based therapeutic and/or prophylactic applications.
the present invention relates to a portable spirometer, comprising a housing and a mouthpiece being releasably connected to said housing, wherein the housing encloses a sensor unit being in fluid communication with the mouthpiece when connected to said housing, whereby the sensor unit is configured to measure one or more characteristics of the flow of exhaled or inhaled air passed to the sensor unit via the mouthpiece, characterised in that said sensor unit comprises at least one digital differential pressure sensor. furthermore, the present invention relates to a method of measuring the flow of air being inhaled or exhaled by a user.
part of the disclosed invention is an ambient-temperature or temperated pre-mixing and feeding assembly (1) with a plurality of containers (110, 110'), feeding means and a feed hopper (1120) for pre-mixing and providing at least one or more materials in granule, pellet or powder form, for transport to a printhead (2) of a 3d printing setup, for transport materials to a printhead (2) of a 3d printing setup, which improves a 3d printing setup to continuously feed, mix and extrude granule material with thermoplastic and thermoplastic elastomers in granule, pellet or powder form in controlled ratios, reaching a desired controlled melt composition. this is reached by a pre-mixing and feeding assembly (1) comprisinga material inlet assembly (11), comprising the plurality of containers (110, 110'), the feeding means (111, 111') connected to the container (110, 110'), an inlet valve (112) with the feed hopper (1120) for dosed pre-mixing of raw material and a material mix feed hose (12), for transportation of pre-mixed material mix from the feed hopper (1120) and the inlet valve (112) by either a gas stream established with gas stream means or due to gravity through the inlet valve (112) and the material mix feed hose (12) controllable by an electronics to a collector of the movable locally separated printhead (2).
the present disclosure refers to a boom mounting assembly for attachment to an agricultural machine, comprising: a primary frame; a boom support frame (1) configured to support a boom and suspended from the primary frame such that the boom support frame (1) can pivot in a transverse plane around a longitudinal axis of rotation provided in a pivot point; a first sub-frame member (22; 23; 24) provided on the primary frame or the boom support frame (1); and a first roller member (25; 26; 27), the first roller member (25; 26; 27) rotatable around a first roller axis of rotation (25b; 26b; 27b) provided on the first sub-frame member (22; 23; 24), and a running surface of the first roller member (25; 26; 27) configured to rest detachably against at least one of the primary frame, the boom support frame (1), and a boom section of the boom. the first sub-frame member (22; 23; 24) is rotatable jointly with the first roller axis of rotation (25b; 26b; 27b) and the first roller member (25; 26; 27) around a first sub-frame axis of rotation (22a; 23a; 24a) which is extending transversely to the first roller axis of rotation (25b; 26b; 27b).
the present invention relates to a method of remotely monitoring a status of a surge arrester disconnector via a long-range wireless mesh communication system of surge arrester disconnectors organized in clusters, each cluster including disconnectors that are physically located within a same cluster area, at least one of the disconnectors in each cluster being coupled to communication means of a predetermined communication range for transmitting a signal indicative of the disconnector status, the method comprising: transmitting, from a first cluster, a status signal indicative of a status of a first disconnector in the first cluster to a second cluster located within the predetermined communication range from the first cluster; consecutively transmitting the status signal from the cluster that receives said signal to an adjacent cluster within the predetermined communication range, until reaching an end cluster on the long-range mesh communication system; transmitting, from the end cluster, the status signal to a monitoring station and monitoring the status of the first disconnector, at the monitoring station, based on a result of transmission of the status signal. the present invention also provides an energy harvester apparatus for harvesting energy from a leakage current of a surge arrester, comprising: first and second input terminals adapted to be coupled in series with the surge arrester and ground potential to collect the leakage current that flows from the surge arrester; and an energy storage circuit comprising a storage capacitor adapted to store charge from the collected leakage current and to supply the stored charge, via first and second output terminals coupled to the storage capacitor, to an electronic device. also provided is a method of detecting a failed surge arrester from a monitoring station remote to the surge arrester.
a method and system for validating a parameter in a medical study are disclosed. in one aspect of the invention, the method includes receiving by an interface (104) the medical study from a source (107, 102). in another aspect of the invention, the method includes determining by a processing unit (201) a first parameter of the medical study to be validated. in yet another aspect of the invention, the method includes receiving an imaging protocol from a configuration file in an imaging unit (107) by the interface (104) wherein the imaging protocol comprises a second parameter corresponding to the first parameter in the medical study. in a further aspect of the invention, the method includes determining by the processing unit (201) if there is a mismatch of the first parameter in the medical study and the second parameter in the imaging protocol; and if there is a mismatch, correcting by the processing unit (201) the first parameter in the medical study based on the second parameter in the imaging protocol to validate the medical study.
the invention relates to a machine state monitoring system (2) for recurrently determining a change in static and/or dynamic properties of a geometry of a machine (1). the machine (1) is configured with positional encoders (4) to derive a coordinate information of at least a first machine portion (5) with respect to a second machine portion (3), which are movable with respect to one another by a motorized drive unit (13).according to the invention, the monitoring system (2) comprises at least one calibration-monitoring-unit (6) with an optical, at least two-dimensional measuring location sensing unit which is fixed to the first machine portion (5) and configured to optically sense an at least two dimensional location information of an artifact (3) which is provided at the second machine portion (3), and which artifact is temporarily moved into a sensing range of the calibration-monitoring-unit (6) for determining the change in the static and/or dynamic properties of the geometry of the machine (1) by a comparison of multiple of such sensings, in particular multiple times in the course of a regular operation of the machine.the monitoring system (2) is therein configured to update compensation parameters of a model or map of the geometry of the machine (1) which is used to derive the coordinate information from the encoders (12).
the present invention relates to a process of producing an organic compound, the process comprisingi) cultivating a genetically modified microorganism in a culture medium comprising at least one assimilable carbon source to allow the genetically modified microorganism to produce the organic compound,ii) recovering the organic compound from the fermentation broth obtained in process step i), wherein the genetically modified microorganism comprisesa) at least one genetic modification that leads to an increased activity of the enzyme encoded by the udha-gene, compared to the original microorganism that has not been genetically modified,and wherein the original microorganism belongs to the family pasteurellaceae.the present invention also relates to a genetically modified microorganism and to the use thereof for the fermentative production of an organic compound from at least one assimilable carbon source.
the application shows an attachment clip (1) for an overland distribution line cover (10), comprising an eye (3) for receiving an electrical line (5), an opening (7) for insertion of the electrical line (5) and an intermediate section (8) connecting the opening (7) with the eye (3), wherein the attachment clip (1) further comprises at least one snap-fit member (11) for fixing the attachment clip (1) to the overland distribution line cover (10). further, the application relates to an overland distribution line cover assembly for covering an overland distribution line comprising an overland distribution line cover (10) and the attachment clip (1). moreover, the invention relates to a method for installing an overland distribution line cover (10) to an overland distribution line (5).
an exchangeable cartridge containing a liquid composition, said cartridge (3) comprising a container (4), and a plunger (10) slidably arranged within the container, wherein the plunger is connectable with a plunger rod (9), wherein the container is arranged to receive the plunger rod from its rear end, wherein the plunger comprises a rod connector (12) connectable with a front end portion (13) of the plunger rod, the rod connector having a base portion (24), an outer wall section (15) extending rearwards from the base portion, an inner wall section (16) extending rearwards from the base portion, and a rod stop portion (17) encircled by the inner wall section, wherein the inner wall section comprises several tongues (22) protruding rearwards from the base portion, and defining an entrance opening (18) for the plunger rod, wherein the inner wall section is arranged to receive a front portion (13) of the plunger rod through the entrance opening, and wherein the tongues are provided with retaining portions, which are arranged to retain the front end portion during retraction of the plunger rod within the housing.
the present invention relates to a sensor device comprising four or more sensor elements. a controller comprising a control circuit controls the sensor elements to measure an environment attribute, produces more than two values corresponding to the measurement and compares the values to determine a fault. the more than two values are obtained by different combinations of sensor elements that have at least one sensor element in common and one sensor element that is not in common. the values can be measured in different coordinate systems and the control circuit can convert the field vectors into a common coordinate system.
the present relates to a qkd synchronization apparatus comprising an emitter (300), a receiver (400), a quantum channel (600) for transmitting quantum states or particles between the emitter and the receiver and a service channel (500) for transmitting classical data between the emitter and the receiver, characterized in that the emitter further comprises a light source (330) for generating an electromagnetic wave to be sent to the receiver through the quantum channel and at least one intensity modulation unit (340, 350) for amplifying or attenuating the intensity of the said electromagnetic wave, and the receiver further comprises a detector (440) for receiving and detecting the electromagnetic wave and a voltage controller (420) adapted to modify the voltage of the detector so as to switch the detector between a linear mode and a quantum detection mode, and wherein upon synchronization the emitter is controlled so as to modulate the intensity of the electromagnetic wave so as to emit a classical light to the receiver through the quantum channel and the receiver is controlled so as to switch the detector into a linear detection mode.
the present relates to a radio frequency identification device comprising a passive antenna made of a passive conductive part disposed on a substrate, and configured to activated on-demand and a plurality of rfid chips disposed on the substrate, each rfid chip comprising an integrated circuit coupled to the antenna and being capable of communicating if the antenna is in an active state, and incapable of communicating if the antenna is in an inactive state, wherein the passive antenna being designed so as to be disposed along different zones of the substrate, each zone being assigned to a specific rfid chip group such that activation of the antenna in a specific zone generates activation of a specific chip group.
a power control system (102) for controlling operation of a first battery-powered device (104) positioned at a remote location from a camera (106) is disclosed. the power control system (102) includes a receiving module (312), a retrieving module (314), a comparison module (316), and a transmission module (318). the receiving module (312) is configured to receive at least one of a pan angle and a tilt angle of the camera (106) indicative of a field of view. the retrieving module (314) is configured to retrieve a position of the first battery-powered device (104). the comparison module (316) is configured to compare the pan angle and the tilt angle with the position of the first battery-powered device (104), and determine whether the first battery-powered device (104) is positioned within the field of view of the camera (106) based on the comparison. the transmission module (318) is configured to transmit instructions to control power consumption of the first battery-powered device (104), based on the determination.
a rotor blade for a wind turbine including a leading edge section with a leading edge and a trailing edge section with a trailing edge is presented. the leading and the trailing edges divide the outer surface of the rotor blade into suction and pressure sides. the rotor blade further includes a blade shell which defines the shape of the rotor blade. the blade shell has suction and pressure side portions. the rotor blade includes a structural element, such as a spar cap, a web, a root reinforcement part, etc for load carrying and/or reinforcing the rotor blade. the structural element is made of a stack of drapable continuous fiber mats or fabrics, referred to as plies. the structural element has at least one optical fiber embedded therein for monitoring characteristics of the structural element. the optical fiber includes at least one sensor. the optical fiber is stitched onto one of the drapable plies thereby forming a smart ply. thus, the stack forming the structural element includes one or more smart plies.
a system for additive manufacturing (am), comprising a build plate for positioning an object to be created, and at least one printhead assembly for fused deposition modeling that comprises connecting means for connecting the printhead assembly to a positioning system, heat exchanging means and a feedstock liquefying unit for liquefying am feedstock. the feedstock liquefying unit comprises a nozzle for depositing liquefied am feedstock onto at least one of the build plate and the object to be created. the system further comprises feedstock supply means arranged for feeding the feedstock into the feedstock liquefying unit.the system further comprises a positioning system associated with at least one of the printhead assembly and the build plate, arranged for relative spatial positioning of the printhead assembly and the build plate. the system further comprises a feedstock liquefying unit storage, comprising holding means for accommodating at least one feedstock liquefying unit, and a controller arranged for controlling the positioning system for disposing the feedstock liquefying unit in a feedstock liquefying unit storage, and for controlling the positioning system for acquiring a replacement feedstock liquefying unit from the feedstock liquefying unit storage. the heat exchanging means is configured and arranged to establish a releasable clamping connection with the feedstock liquefying unit to accommodate the feedstock liquefying unit in the printhead assembly.
method for determining a measuring offset of a rotor position sensor (2) assigned to a rotor (3) of an electric machine (5) comprising stator windings that are supplied by an inverter (6) converting a voltage at a dc link capacitor (7) into an ac current, wherein a candidate value for the measuring offset is determined, comprising the following steps:- controlling a power unit (9) of the inverter (6) to provide the current based on rotor position information (19) measured by the rotor position sensor (2) to the stator windings such that the dc link capacitor (7) of the inverter (6) is actively discharged,- evaluating a plausibility of the candidate value for the measuring offset based on a voltage of the dc link capacitor (7) detected while the power unit (9) is controlled to actively discharge the dc link capacitor (7), and- providing the candidate value as determined measuring offset, if a result of the evaluation is positive.
method for determining a measuring offset of a rotor position sensor (2) assigned to a rotor (3) of an electric machine (4), wherein stator windings of the electric machine (4) are supplied by phase lines (17) between an inverter (6) and the stator windings, comprising the following steps:- providing a control signal (44) causing the phase lines (17) to be short-circuited when the rotor (3) rotates with a rotation rate;- computing a first current angle information (45) based on a current information, which represents a d-current and a q-current being determined based on a rotor position information (22) provided by the rotor position sensor (2) while the phase lines (17) are short-circuited; and- determining the measuring offset based on the first current angle information (45) and a second current angle information (46) being based on an impedance information (42) concerning the electric machine (4) and on the rotation rate of the rotor (3).
the invention relates to a method for operating a safety system for medium or high voltage switchgear, with the use of infrared detecting or infrared imaging means, wherein in the switchgear or in an inner compartment are at least arranged switching and disconnecting means, busbars and bushings, and infrared sensor means, according to the preamble of claims 1.in order to enhance the reliability of detection of human action radius in a switchgear, the invention is, that the infrared sensor means are operated in such, that image processing and pattern recognition means are operated in time modus, so that moving objects are detectable as in actual moving action, and that they are furthermore identifiable by automatic electronic comparison with image comparison data.
this invention is related to monocore and/or multifilamentary mgb2 superconducting wires with internally mg coated iron sheath for their use in the technological field of superconductivity and fabrication of said wires by in-situ method.
the invention relates to liposomes. the liposomes comprise sphingomyelin in the lipid bilayer. the liposomes are configured to cross the blood-brain barrier for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases and spinal cord injuries. the liposomes are essentially free of ganglioside. the invention also relates to a method of producing liposomes and to the use of liposome as medicament.
a method for forming silicon carbide (2) onto a silicon substrate (1) by reaction of said silicon substrate (1) and a first precursor (200) comprising indium and a plurality of carbon atoms.
a radio frequency amplifier comprises a transistor, a transformer and a variable capacitor. the transistor has an input terminal, an output terminal and a control terminal. the transformer has a first coil conductor and a second coil conductor. the first coil conductor magnetically couples to the second coil conductor. the second coil conductor connects to the control terminal. the first coil conductor connects to the input terminal. the variable capacitor connects in parallel with the second coil conductor. the radio frequency amplifier is configured to be an input or output stage of an integrated circuit. an integrated circuit using the radio frequency amplifier is also introduced.
the present invention relates to a solar cell and a method of producing the same. the solar cell comprises a porous light absorbing layer (1), a first porous conducting layer (2), a second conducting layer (3), a porous substrate (4) between the conducting layers, the porous substrate comprises a catalytic conducting portion (4a) in electrical contact with the second conducting layer and an insulating portion (4b) between the first conducting layer and the conducting portion, and a conducting medium (5) for transporting charges between the conducting portion (4a) and the light absorbing layer (1). the conducting medium is deposited in the light absorbing layer (1), the first conducting layer (2), and partly the porous substrate (4) so that the insulating portion (4b) and a first part (4a') of the conducting portion (4a) comprises the conducting medium and a second part (4a") of the conducting portion is free of conducting medium.
a system (1) for in-situ measurement of a curvature (200) of a surface (20) of a wafer (2), said system (1) comprising:- a multiwavelength light source module (101), adapted to emit incident light (3) comprising a plurality of wavelengths (301;302;303); and- a curvature determining unit (103), configured to determine a curvature (200) of a surface (20) of a wafer (2) from reflected light (4) corresponding to said incident light (3) being reflected on said surface (20).
a variable gain amplifier for amplifying a differential pair of input voltage signals, comprising a control input for receiving a differential pair of gain control voltage signals, a differential signal input for receiving a differential pair of input voltage signals, a current commuting stage receiving the pair of input voltage signals and the gain control voltage, and comprising a pair of cascode circuits for providing a differential pair of current components of respective current amounts that depend on the respective input voltage signal and on the received gain control voltage, a differential load stage receiving the current components and having respective resistive loads of a respective load resistance amount for generating a differential pair of output voltage signals having respective output voltage amounts that depend on the respective current amounts and on the load resistance amounts and a differential signal output having respective differential signal output nodes for providing the differential pair of output voltage signals, wherein the variable gain amplifier further comprises a common-mode bias servo stage that receives a reference voltage of a reference voltage amount and the differential pair of output voltage signals, and that comprises a pair of closed loop differential amplifiers, each configured to generate a respective dc bias voltage of a dc bias voltage amount depending on a difference between the respective output voltage amount and the reference voltage amount, and each feeding the respective generated dc bias voltage back to the respective differential signal output node.
the present application relates to a transceiver, tx/rx phy, a system and a method of operating thereof. the transceiver is arranged for bi-directional data communication of a node with a counterpart node connected to a point-to-point network using differential mode signaling over a single twisted-pair cable. the transceiver, tx/rx phy, comprises a common mode choke, a switching arrangement and a detection section. the common mode choke is arranged between of the tx/rx phy and the single twisted-pair cable and provided for common mode current suppression. the switching arrangement is further arranged between the tx/rx phy, the common mode choke and the single twisted-pair cable and configured to switchably change a polarity of one of the windings of the common mode choke. the detection section is coupled via the switching arrangement to the common mode choke and configured to detect a common mode signal on the single twisted-pair cable in response to a transmission of a test signal by the counterpart node. for detecting the common mode signal, the switching arrangement is operated to change the polarity of the one winding of the choke such that the common mode choke operates functionally as differential mode choke.
the present disclosure relates to a method for accessing a database stored on a server using a relation. the server is coupled to a client computer via a network, wherein the relation comprises first data items, the first data items forming a partially ordered set in the first relation, wherein for each first data item a referential connection exists in the database assigning said first data item to at least one second data item of the database. the method comprises: identifying first data items of the relation referencing n second data items; for each identified first data item modifying, using a same modification method, the identified first data item m times, wherein m≤n, for obtaining m unique modified data items; associating with each of modified first data items of a given first data item a respective portion of the n referential connections of the given first data item; inserting the modified first data items in the relation, thereby replacing the identified first data items.
the present disclosure relates to a method for securing access to a first relation. the first relation comprises data items. the data items form a partially ordered set in the first relation. the method comprises: predefining a reference data item; creating a relation and inserting a given data item of the set of data items into the relation; inserting each data item of the set of data items into the created relation using the traversal method, wherein the order comparing step comprises in case a comparison result of the currently traversed data item with the reference data item is different from a comparison result of the to be inserted data item with the reference data item inverting the decision logic, and using the inverted decision logic in the decision step; and providing the created relation.
the invention relates to a fastener (100) for fastening a wall mounted flange (300) in a wall bored hole, the fastener (100) comprising a treaded, that is a profiled housing, the housing comprising a hollow cylindrical body comprising apertures (101, 201) at both ends of its longitudinal direction, a treaded outer surface (102), a treaded inner surface (202) arranged for receiving a pipe (601) attached to the wall mounted flange (300), and wherein the treaded outer surface (102) is adapted to fasten to an inner surface of the wall bored hole when the fastener (100) is inserted in the wall bored hole, and the treaded inner surface (202) is adapted to fasten to the treaded housing (301) of the pipe (601) of the wall mounted flange (300) when the pipe (601) is inserted in the fastener (100).the invention furthermore relates to a fastening assembly kit comprising the fastener (100) and the flange (300) and a method for fastening the flange (300) in the fastener (100).
the present invention refers to a device for remote data transferring between a transmitting end and a receiving end using a laser technique according to the present invention. the device preferably comprises of a modulator, a data converter, a demodulator, a cylindrical drum (1) rotating in a predefined axis by a transmitting end motor, a laser source, and a laser sensor provided at the cylindrical drum (1). the data at the transmitting end is converted to a digital data by the data converter and transferred to a stepper motor thus the laser head (4) capable to move across the length of fixed part (3) based on the received digital data. the laser head (4) is configured to move and project laser beam over the cylindrical drum (1) based on the received digital data. the laser sensor is configured to detect the laser beam in a sequence over the cylindrical drum (1) as a sinusoidal pattern. the modulator is configured to modulate the sinusoidal pattern modulated (10) and to transmit the modulated laser signal to the receiving end. at the receiving end, the device is capable to convert the modulated laser signal to the data.
the present application relates to a transceiver, tx/rx phy, and a method of operating the tx/rx phy arranged for bi-directional data communication of a node with a counterpart node connected to in a point-to-point network using differential mode signaling over a single twisted-pair cable. a tx adjustment component is arranged in a tx path of the tx/rx phy and configured to adjust a tx data communication signal generated by the tx/rx phy for transmittal to the counterpart node. the tx adjustment component is further configured to accept information about a common mode signal detected on the single twisted-pair cable and to adjust the tx data communication signal to at least weaken the common mode signal occurring at the counterpart node in response to transmitting the tx data communication signal.
the invention refers to a hand guided and/or hand held electric or pneumatic power tool(1, 1'), comprising an electric or pneumatic motor (15, 100), a working element (9) realizing a working movement (11), when the motor (15, 100) is activated, and at least one gear arrangement functionally located between the motor (15, 100) and the working element (9) for transmitting a rotational movement and torque from the motor (15, 100) to the working element (9) in order to realize the working movement (11). it is suggested that the at least one gear arrangement is embodied as a magnetic gear arrangement (20, 21, 41) using magnetic fields to transmit the rotational movement and torque from the motor (15, 100) to the working element (9) without mechanical contact, in order to realize the working movement (11).
the invention refers to a pneumatically driven apparatus, in particular a hand guided and/or hand held pneumatic power tool (1), comprising a pneumatic rotary vane motor (100), a working element (9) and a gear arrangement functionally located between the motor (100) and the working element (9) for transmitting a rotational movement and torque. the motor (100) comprises a housing defining a cylindrical chamber (114) extending along a cylinder axis, and a cylindrical rotor (104) located in the chamber (114) and extending along and rotatable about an axis (60) running parallel to the cylinder axis, the rotor (104) comprising a plurality of radially movable vanes (108) forced radially outwards during rotation of the rotor (104). it is suggested that the gear arrangement is a magnetic gear arrangement (20) and that the rotor (104) of the motor (100) comprises permanent magnets (56) attached thereto between the vanes (108) thereby making the rotor (104) of the pneumatic motor (100) form one of the rotating components (52; 54) of the magnetic gear arrangement (20).
this invention provides a toothbrush closely fitted to the teeth, comprising: a toothbrush main body, a bristle tuft hole is provided on a head of the toothbrush main body; a bristle tuft assembly, movably arranged in the bristle tuft hole; a spring assembly, the bristle tuft assembly is connected with the toothbrush main body through the spring assembly. this toothbrush skillfully is configured with spring assemblies, based upon the contact between the elastic body and the bristle tuft assembly, to realize the flexible movement and elastic body force driving of the bristle tuft, making every bristle tuft independently move upward and downward according to the surface and structure of teeth, achieving the benefit of effective cleaning, durable usage, simple structure and low manufacturing costs.
the invention refers to an electric machine (300) and a hand guided and/or hand held electric power tool (1), comprising an electric motor (15), a working element (9) and a gear arrangement functionally located between the motor (15) and the working element (9). the electric motor (15) has a stator (100) with electrical windings (102) and a rotor (104) with permanent magnets (106) mounted thereon. it is suggested that the gear arrangement is a magnetic gear arrangement (20) using magnetic fields to transmit the rotational movement and torque from the motor (15) to the working element (9), the magnetic gear arrangement (20) comprising three components (51, 52, 54) rotatable in respect to one another, with a first component (52) generating a first magnetic field with a first number (n_input) of magnetic pole pairs (56), a second component (54) generating a second magnetic field with a second number (n_output) of pole pairs (58), and a third component (51) having a third number (n_pp) of ferromagnetic pole pieces (50). the rotor (104) of the motor (15) extends in an axial direction beyond the stator (100) of the motor (15). the magnetic pole pairs (56) are provided on the extended part (108) of the rotor (104) in order to make the extended part (108) together with the magnetic pole pairs (56) form the first rotating component (52) of the magnetic gear arrangement (20).
there is provided a method of producing a multi-layer paperboard comprising a first layer, a second layer and a third layer, wherein the second layer is arranged between the first layer and the third layer, which method comprises the steps of:a) providing a first broke pulp and optionally a second broke pulp;b) mixing the first broke pulp with a chemical pulp to obtain a first pulp mixture;c) fractionation of the first pulp mixture to obtain a reject fraction and an accept fraction;d) mixing the reject fraction with the second broke pulp and/or an additional pulp to obtain a second pulp mixture;e) forming the second layer from the second pulp mixture; andf) forming the first layer from a pulp comprising the accept fraction.
the invention relates to a system for time-correlated photon-number-resolved counting applications, the system comprising the following components:- a photon-number-resolving detector (1) connected to- a plurality of comparators (5), wherein each comparator (5) is adjusted to a different reference value (vref), wherein each comparator (5) is configured to output a comparator-signal (102) in the event that the modulus of a received detection signal (100, 101) from the photon-number-resolving detector (1) exceeds the modulus of the reference value (vref) of the comparator (5);- a conversion electronics (8) configured to receive the comparator-signals (102) from the plurality of comparators (5) and to generate a digital detection event for each detection signal (100) of the photon-number-resolving detector (1), wherein each detection event comprises a time code (104) for the detection event comprising a time information of the detection signal (100) and an associated photon-number code (105) obtained from the number of coinciding comparator-signals (5);- a recording electronics (9), wherein the recording electronics (9) is configured to record the time code (104) of the detection event and the associated photon-number code (105), wherein the reference values (vref) of the comparators (5) are adjusted such that a photon number for each detection signal (100) can be resolved by the system.the invention further relates to a method for time-correlated photon-number-resolved counting applications as well as to a method for adjusting the reference values for the comparators (5) of the system. furthermore, a file structure for storing data acquired from time-correlated photon-number-resolved counting applications is disclosed.
a dishwasher (1) comprising a washing compartment (10) and an air filter (2) for removing odours from air. the dishwasher (1) further comprises at least one piezoelectric fan (3) positioned to cause air from within the washing compartment (10) to pass through the air filter (2) so as to remove odours from the dishwasher 1 and/or a control unit (14) adapted to monitor the usage of the air filter (2) and generate an alert when the remaining service life of the air filter (2) falls below a predetermined threshold.
a system (1) for providing consistency in cooking from a toaster machine (2) comprising a temperature sensor (3) coupled to one or more plates (4) of the toaster machine (2), adapted to sense a temperature of the plate (4) of the toaster machine (2) at a given point of time and to generate a temperature value (5), a timer (6) adapted to count in a time (7) since the start of the cooking, and a memory device (8) adapted to receive the temperature values (5) from the temperature sensor and the time (7) since the start of cooking from the timer (6), and adapted to store the temperature values (5) against the time (7) in a lookup table (9).
the present disclosure relates to a method for operating an agricultural machine having a working device, an electric drive configured to drive the working device, a control unit, and a shaping member configured to shape a working space assigned to the working device by relative movement between the working device and the shaping member, the method comprising driving the working device by the electric drive, forming a first working space, comprising positioning the shaping member in a first position relative to the working device, determining, by the control unit, a first electric load supplied to the electric drive when the first working space is formed, forming a second working space, comprising positioning the shaping member in a second position relative to the working device, and determining, by the control unit, a second electric load supplied to the electric drive when the second working space is formed, the second electric load being different from the first electric load. further, an agricultural machine is provided. (fig. 1)
a method (200) of forming a low-k dielectric film (140) selectively on exposed dielectric locations (130) in a substrate (10), the method (200) comprising: depositing (210) a metal-containing film (110) using an area-selective deposition process selectively on the exposed dielectric locations (130) using one or more deposition cycles; providing (220) at least once a vapor of at least one organic ligand to the deposited metal-containing film (110) resulting in a gas-phase chemical reaction thereby obtaining a metal-organic framework (140) which is the low-k dielectric film (140) wherein the low-k dielectric film (140) has gaps (142) on locations where no metal-containing film was deposited.
an apparatus configured to:based on (i) captured spatial audio content of a scene comprising audio that is associated with information indicative of at least a direction in the scene from which said audio was captured; and (ii) visual focus information comprising information indicative of at least a first part of the scene on which corresponding captured visual imagery of the scene is focussed for presentation to a user;provide for presentation of the captured spatial audio content to accompany the captured visual imagery, the captured spatial audio content presented as spatial audio, the spatial audio content provided for presentation with a spatial audio focus selectively applied to audio captured from a second part of the scene different to the first part, the spatial audio focus comprising an audio-modifying effect to increase the audibility of the audio having a direction corresponding to the second part.
a locking device set of modules for modular configuration of an electrical locking device (100; 200) comprises a set of linear connectable modules (101-105; 201-207). each module (101-105; 201-207) has a substantially tubular shape with identical outer diameter. the set of connectable modules at least comprises:- one or more locking modules (101; 201);- one or more contact controller modules (102, 103; 202, 203, 204);- one or more energy modules (104; 205).
disclosed is an apparatus for supporting a flywheel on a floating vessel, the apparatus comprising: a support for the flywheel; at least one tilt sensor for measuring an angle of slope relative to the earth, the at least one tilt sensor being arranged to detect a change of an angle of slope of the floating vessel relative to the earth; and at least one driver for manoeuvring the support relative to the floating vessel, based on the measured angle of slope from the at least one tilt sensor, wherein the at least one driver is operable to manoeuvre the support so as to counteract a change of an angle of slope of the flywheel relative to the earth due to the detected change of an angle of slope of the floating vessel.
method for determining an imaging quality information for a magnetic resonance imaging apparatus, mria, (1) in an examination process of a patient (4) positioned within an imaging volume (5) of the mria (1), wherein the imaging quality information is used for assessing the performance of the mria (1) and/or for determining imaging parameters for an imaging protocol, comprising the steps of measuring a noise information describing the general noise properties of the mria (1) in the imaging volume (5) using a predetermined first magnetic resonance sequence, acquiring patient image data in at least one imaging region of the patient (4) using a predetermined second magnetic resonance sequence, localizing at least one anatomical landmark of a group of predetermined anatomical landmarks in the patient image by a landmark detection algorithm, wherein for each landmark and/or for at least one pair of landmarks, a reference information regarding the imaging quality information is provided in a database (8), determining a landmark-specific signal-to-noise ratio for each localized landmark from the patient image data at the landmark and the noise information, and determining the imaging quality information from the landmark-specific signal-to-noise ratio, wherein the assessment of the performance of the mria (1) and/or the determination of the imaging parameters is performed depending on a comparison of the imaging quality information and the corresponding reference information in the database (8).
a heat exchanger (1), wherein the bundle of parallel u-bent tubes (2) is connected via a connection to a first end, where a first hemispherical bonnet (16) distributes the first fluid to the tubes (2) of the first straight section (9), and to a second end, where a second hemispherical bonnet (16) collects the first fluid from the tubes (2) of the second straight section (10), each said connection being made of a tube sheet (11, 12) which is designed to withstand the difference between the second fluid low pressure inside the intershell space (5) and the first fluid high pressure inside the respective bonnet (16), wherein the tube sheet comprises a circular plate (12) having a central circular orifice and wherein the tube sheet further comprises a hemispherical shell (11) located over said orifice and tightly connected to said circular plate (12), so as to make a physical separation between the first fluid and the second fluid.
an i/q imbalance calibration method includes: sequentially inputting a first in-phase and quadrature signals calibration signal to a front-end circuit of the transmitter system to acquire and estimate a first and second calibration signal strengths sequentially, wherein a delta estimation is adopted; calculating an i/q gain imbalance according to estimated first and second calibration signal strengths; sequentially inputting a second in-phase calibration signal and both of the second in-phase and quadrature calibration signal to the front-end circuit of the transmitter system to acquire and estimate a third and fourth calibration signal strengths sequentially, wherein an i/q gain imbalance compensation is formed on the first in-phase and quadrature calibration signals to generate the second in-phase and quadrature calibration signals; and calculating an i/q phase imbalance according to estimated third and fourth calibration signal strengths.
disclosed herein is a septum arrangement (1) for use in drug reservoirs and infusion sets, the septum arrangement comprising a pierceable septum (2) with a first surface (21), a second surface (22) and a peripheral surface (23), wherein the first surface (21) and the second surface (22) are positioned opposite to each other. the septum arrangement further comprises a compression element (3), the compression element (3) comprising at least two compression members (4) and at least two gripping members (5), wherein the at least two compression members (4) partially or fully surround the peripheral surface (23) of the pierceable septum (2), and wherein each compression member (4) is connected to at least one gripping member (5), and wherein the gripping members (5) extend from the compression members (4) towards a common axis (a) which intersects the first surface (21). the septum arrangement comprises also at least one resilient element (6), wherein the at least one resilient element (6) exerts a biasing force on the pierceable septum (2), wherein the biasing force is directed towards the common axis that intersects first surface (21). the gripping members (5) define an aperture between them such that introduction of a needle (7) into the aperture exerts a force on the gripping members (5) that counteracts the biasing force and moves the gripping members (5) apart from each other.
disclosed is a pill removal detection device (100) for a blister package (102) comprising a metallic element (104). further, the pill removal detection device comprises a detection means (232, 240) for detecting removal of a pill (110) from the blister package. yet further, the pill removal detection device comprises an energy source (230), a sensor (236) for detecting a change in capacitance of the metallic element of the blister package, means for communicating the detected change in capacitance to the detection means for waking up the detection means, and an attachment means for attaching the pill removal detection device to the blister package, the attachment means comprising an electrically conductive element connected to the sensor.
the present invention relates to an elevator system, comprising: an elevator entity (120), a mobile robot (110), wherein in response to a detection (210) that the mobile robot (110) shall provide electrical energy to the elevator entity (120) the mobile robot (110) is configured to: receive an instruction (220) to provide electrical energy to the elevator entity (120), couple (230) to a coupling station of the elevator entity (120), and provide electrical energy (240) to the elevator entity (120) via the coupling station of the elevator entity (120). the invention also relates to a method to transfer electrical energy in an elevator environment.
the present invention relates to a marine vessel (1) with a hull (10) with a bottom (11), a bow, a stern (13), and a propulsion arrangement (2) including at least three propulsion units arranged at the stern of the marine vessel. the marine vessel (1) has a base line and a centerline. the at least three propulsion units include a centerline shaft propulsion unit (21) with a shaft line (22) and a propeller (23) and two turnable propulsion units (30) with respective propellers (31) and arranged at opposite sides of the centerline shaft propulsion unit. for improving thrust efficiency, while maintaining optimal steering capability, the propeller (23) of the centerline shaft propulsion unit (21) is arranged at a given distance aft of the stern (13) of the marine vessel (1).
the present invention relates to a mask-shaped skin treatment device providing personalized heat-based skin treatment for home use and a corresponding system. the device comprises one or more temperature sensors configured to measure the skin temperature at one or more skin portions of a user, and one or more heating elements configured to cause local heating of one or more skin portions of the user, wherein the one or more heating elements are configured to cause heat selectively based on the temperature measured by the one or more temperature sensors and wherein the total area of simultaneously activated heating elements ranges from 1 to 5 cm2.
the present invention relates to a method for increasing corrosion resistance of a substrate comprising an outermost chromium alloy layer, the method comprising the steps of(i) providing a substrate comprising said outermost layer, the layer- having a color space defined by cielab with a lightness l* of 79 or more,- comprising oxygen and carbon, and- comprising iron in a total amount of 0 atom-% to 1 atom-%, based on the total number of atoms in said outermost layer,(ii) providing an aqueous, acidic passivation solution, the solution comprising- trivalent chromium ions,- phosphate ions,- one or more than one organic acid residue anion,(iii) contacting the substrate with the passivation solution and passing an electrical current between the substrate as a cathode and an anode in the passivation solution such that a passivation layer is deposited onto the outermost layer,whereinin step (i) the outermost chromium alloy layer is electrolytically deposited from an aqueous, acidic deposition composition, the composition comprising- trivalent chromium ions,- at least one organic acid comprising an isothiureido moiety and/or salts thereof, and- chloride ions in a total amount of 0 wt-% to 0.1 wt-%, based on the total weight of the deposition composition.
the present invention relates to use of a filament in 3d printing, the filament comprising thermoplastic polymer and detonation nanodiamonds. the filament exhibits increased tensile strength and thermal conductivity and higher glass transition temperature compared to filaments not comprising detonation nanodiamonds. 3d items produced with the filament exhibits increased tensile strength and thermal conductivity.
a method of detecting a solute in a solvent using nuclear magnetic resonance, said method comprising the steps of: encoding an excitation in a nuclear spin of the solute comprising at least one preparation sequence, wherein said preparation sequence comprises the steps of: applying a first radiofrequency pulse to the nuclear spin at a resonance frequency of the solute; and applying a first magnetic field gradient pulse suitable for changing a phase of the nuclear spin; and measuring the excitation in the nuclear spin, said measuring including the steps of: applying a refocusing radiofrequency pulse at a resonance frequency of the solvent for refocusing said nuclear spin transferred to the solvent by chemical exchange; applying a second magnetic field gradient pulse to thereby select the excitation in the nuclear spin; and performing a measurement of the excitation in the nuclear spin excited by the first radiofrequency pulse at the resonance frequency of the solute and refocused with the refocusing radiofrequency pulse at the resonance frequency of the solvent.
a liquid electrolyte lithium secondary battery cell having an operating voltage superior or equal to 4.4 v and inferior or equal to 4.5v, comprising a positive electrode including a powderous positive active material represented by the following chemical formula: li1-x(co1-a-b-cniamnbm"c)1+xo2 with -0.005≤x≤0.005, 0.02≤a≤0.09, 0.01≤b≤0.05, and 0.002≤c≤0.02, wherein m" is either one or more metals of the group consisting of al, mg, ti and zr; and a separator sheet having a porosity of at least 50% and inferior or equal to 60%, preferably of at least 55% and inferior or equal to 60%.
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a fefet memory device configured such that a ferroelectric memory region of the fefet is programmable by an electric field applied between a gate structure and a source and drain region through the ferroelectric region.
the present invention relates to a mounting device enabling a user to determine the development of his or her skin condition with a detection system, a mounting device template, a method for use with a mounting device and a computer program.
the present invention pertains to the identification of the gene clcn2 and its gene product, the membrane channel protein c1c-2, as main biomarker and causative factor for primary aldosteronism, and in particular familial forms of this disease. the invention provides specific mutations associated with the disorder, as well as nucleic acids comprising these variant sequences, primer and probes for their molecular detection and methods applying the compounds of the invention for a diagnosis of primary aldosteronism. in addition the invention provides novel treatments options for patients suffering from primary aldosteronism.
the present invention relates to an apparatus (12) for obtaining information on an emergency situation, comprising: an id-interface (22) for receiving an identification information of a mobile device (14) via which an emergency situation is reported; a transmission unit (24) for transmitting a deployment data packet to the mobile device identified by the identification information, said deployment data packet including application deployment information for executing on the mobile device a control application for providing remote access to the mobile device to control a sensor and/or an actor (16) of the mobile device; and a control unit (26) for communicating with the mobile device to obtain information on the emergency situation by controlling the sensor and/or the actor via the control application. the present invention further relates to a corresponding method and system (10) for obtaining information in an emergency situation.
foundation building system for an offshore wind turbine, whereby a monopile (1) to be placed on the seabed (2), having an upper portion (3) with a first attachment interface (8) for attaching a foundation platform unit (11), at least one internal, second attachment interface (9) in an interior cavity (7) of the monopile (1) for attaching at least one electrical platform unit (21), and a third attachment interface (10) for attaching a tower (39) of the offshore wind turbine atop the at least one electrical platform unit (21), wherein the upper portion (3) is to be placed at least partly above sea level (4),the foundation platform unit (11) providing at least one foundation platform (13) extending around the tower (39) when installed, and the at least one electrical platform unit (21) comprising at least one platform (27, 28, 29) for electrical equipment for guiding and/or connecting of an connection cable (38) for connecting the offshore wind turbine.
the present invention relates to a mask-shaped skin treatment device and system. the device comprises one or more coupling agent detectors configured to detect presence of coupling agent on one or more skin portions of a user and one or more heating elements configured to cause local heating of one or more skin portions of the user. the one or more heating elements are configured to cause heat selectively based on the presence of coupling agent measured by the one or more coupling agent detectors.
the present invention relates to a method for assessing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) comprising determining in a sample from a subject suffering from nafld at least the amounts of two metabolite biomarkers, wherein said two metabolite biomarkers are: (i) at least one eicosatrienoic acid metabolite biomarker and (ii) at least one androgen metabolite biomarker and/or at least one bile acid metabolite biomarker. further, the present invention relates to the vitro use of the two metabolite biomarkers for assessing non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld).
a spar cap assembly (30) for a wind turbine rotor blade (10), the spar cap assembly (30) comprising:- a spar cap section (50) comprising a composite material, the spar cap section (50) having a longitudinally extending slab shape defined by first and second mutually opposed and longitudinally extending faces (51,52) and by first and second longitudinally extending lateral sides (61,62), the separation between the first and second faces (51,52) defining thickness of the spar cap section (50), the spar cap section (50) having a vertical axis (97) extending between the first and the second faces (51, 52) and a transverse axis (96) extending between the first and the second lateral sides (61,62), wherein a longitudinal axis (99), the vertical axis (97) and the transverse axis (96) are mutually perpendicular;- a first ramp section (70) extending longitudinally and positioned adjoining the first lateral side (61) of the spar cap section (50), the first ramp section (70) having mutually opposed spar cap side (71) and sloped side (72), wherein the spar cap side (71) of the first ramp section (70) adjoins the first lateral side (61) of the spar cap section (50) and has a thickness (ti ) substantially equal to the thickness (tsi ) of the first lateral side (61) of the spar cap section (50), and wherein the sloped side (72) of the first ramp section (70) slopes outward with respect to the spar cap section (50), and wherein the first ramp section (70) further comprises a mid-section (m) having a thickness (tm ) equal to or greater than the thickness (ti ) of the spar cap side (71) of the first ramp section (70), the thicknesses (ti ,tm ) of the spar cap side (71) and the mid-section (m) of the first ramp section (70) measured parallel to the vertical axis (97) of the spar cap section (50);- a second ramp section (80) extending longitudinally and positioned adjoining the second lateral side (62) of the spar cap section (50), the second ramp section (80) having spar cap side (81) and sloped side (82), wherein the spar cap side (81) of the second ramp section (80) adjoins the second lateral side (62) of the spar cap section (50) and has a thickness (t2 ) substantially equal to the thickness (ts2 ) of the second lateral side (62) of the spar cap section (50), and wherein the sloped side (82) of the second ramp section (80) slopes outward with respect to the spar cap section (50), the thickness (t2 ) of the spar cap side (81) of the second ramp section (80) measured parallel to the vertical axis (97) of the spar cap section (50); and- one or more wrapping layers (90) encapsulating the spar cap section (50), the first ramp section (70) and the second ramp section (80), wherein the one or more wrapping layers (90), the spar cap section (50), the first ramp section (70) and the second ramp section (80) are resin injection molded.
a thermal protection system (3) for gas turbine components comprises a component (2) of a gas turbine (1) and a high temperature resistant ceramic element (4) which is coupled to a wall (5) of the component (2); the ceramic element (4) comprises at least a root portion (7) matching and engaging a hollow seat (10) formed in the wall (5) of the component (2); the root portion (7) is a brazed-in or cast-in or cemented-in root portion (7) so that the root portion (7) and the wall (5) of the component (2) are mechanically interlocked thus defining a shape-coupling (11), and are also connected by a brazed or cast or cemented joint (21).
the present invention relates to a newly identified bio-surfactant producing bacterial strain, bacillus subtilis qvs1, which was deposited under accession number lmg p-30406, and to fermentative processes wherein such a strain is employed for surfactin and fengycin (cyclic lipopeptides)-containing biosurfactant production, to crude biosurfactant mixtures or preparations obtained by such processes, and to advantageous culture media comprising red beans and culture conditions for bio-surfactant producing micro-organisms.
laundry treatment machine (2), comprising a casing (6) and a laundry treatment chamber arranged in said casing (6) for receiving laundry, said casing (6) comprising an opening (28) which grants access to said laundry treatment chamber, said laundry treatment machine (2) further comprising a door (24), wherein said door comprises a closure portion (72) having the function of closing said opening (28), said closure portion (72) being mounted to said casing (6); a finishing portion (74) associated with said closure portion (72); a movable handle (32) having the function of keeping said door (24) in the closed position when not actuated and to release said door (24) from said closed position when actuated, whereby said handle (32) is arranged on said finishing portion (74).
a method operable at a payment terminal (20), for conducting a transaction, comprises: displaying (101) on a display (24) of the payment terminal (20) a first machine-readable optical label (300) encoding transaction data obtained from a merchant (70), the transaction data including at least an amount and a currency for the transaction; imaging (102) by a scanning device (26) of the terminal (20) a second machine-readable optical label (200) produced by a user device in response to receiving data for the first machine-readable optical label (300) and encoding payment details for the transaction; and providing (103) data from the second machine-readable optical label (200) to a payment network for authorisation of the transaction.
the device for diffusion of volatile substances comprises a container (1) for containing volatile substances, including the container (1) an aperture (2) defining a sealing area (3); and a multilayer structure (4) placed on said aperture (2), said multilayer structure (4) comprising a microporous membrane (42) through which the volatile substances are diffused and a barrier layer (41) that is removed before a first use; and it is characterized in that said multilayer structure (4) also comprises a sealing portion (44) in contact with said sealing area (3).it is provided a device with a microporous membrane where the porosity of the membrane at the portion of the sealing area has been substantially reduced or eliminated to stop liquid transportation.
a pultruded fibrous composite strip (1) for stacking with one or more similar strips (1) to form a spar cap (30) of a wind turbine rotor blade (10), the strip (1) being of substantially constant cross-section defined by first and second mutually opposed and longitudinally extending sides (51,52) and by first and second longitudinal edges (61,62), the first and second sides (51,52) comprising, respectively, first and second abutment surfaces (51a,52a), whereby the first and the second abutment surfaces (51a) are non-planar. also claimed is a method for making a spar cap.
a pultruded fibrous composite strip, a spar cap made from such strips, a wind turbine rotor blade having such a spar cap and a method for making a spar cap from such strips are presented. the strip is stacked with similar strips to form the spar cap. the strip has a substantially constant cross-section defined by first and second mutually opposed and longitudinally extending sides, and by first and second longitudinal edges. the first and the second sides include first and second abutment surfaces, respectively. the first and/or the second abutment surfaces has corrugated profile such that a plurality of longitudinally extending grooves are defined on the abutment surface having the corrugated profile. when the strip is stacked with similar strips, and subsequently resin is infused, the grooves on the abutment surface having the corrugated profile facilitate transfer and flow of the resin into spaces between the stacked strips.
a meta-learning system (1) comprising an inner function computation module, ifcm, (2) adapted to compute output data, y, from applied input data, x, according to an inner model function, f, depending on model parameters, p; an error computation module, ecm, (3) adapted to compute errors, e, indicating mismatches between the computed output data, y, and target values, t; a state update module, sum, (4) adapted to update the model parameters, p, of the inner model function, f, according to an updated state, si+1, which is updated based on a current state, si, of the state update module, sum, (4) in response to an error, e, received from the error computation module, ecm, (3), wherein the state update module, sum, (4) is learned to adjust the model parameters, p, of the inner model function, f, such that a following training of the inner model function, f, with training data is optimized.
the present invention relates to a method for removal, separation or degradation of one or more persistent organic pollutant(s) (pops) present in a substrate, the method comprising (i) the provision of a pop-contaminated substrate; (ii) a first reaction stage comprising adding to the substrate a basic solution (solution 1), and optionally one or more additives selected from the group comprising a transphase catalyst (tpc) and a hydrogen peroxide dissociation catalyst, and incubating the substrate with solution 1 and optionally the one or more additives for at least 15 minutes; and (iii) a second reaction stage comprising adding to the substrate a hydrogen peroxide solution (solution 2) and optionally one or more additives selected from the group comprising a tpc and a hydrogen peroxide dissociation catalyst, wherein a hydrogen peroxide dissociation catalyst and a tpc are added during the first and/or the second reaction stage.
a protection device configured to secure digital data transmission between a host unit and a peripheral unit by controlling direction of the digital data transmission from the host unit to the peripheral unit and inversely. the protection device comprises a first communication module configured to transmit data from the host unit to the peripheral unit via a first unidirectional link, and a second communication module configured to transmit data from the peripheral unit to the host unit via a second unidirectional link. the first communication module is physically independent from the second communication module. the first communication module is configured to be enabled while the second communication module is configured to be disabled during data transmission from the host unit to the peripheral unit. the second communication module is configured to be enabled while the first communication module is configured to be disabled during data transmission from the peripheral unit to the host unit.
the present invention relates to an elevator call device (120) comprising: a processing unit (210) for controlling a generation of an elevator call; an energy storage (230) for storing electrical energy; a coupler (240) for obtaining electrical energy from an external source for charging the energy storage (230), and a switch (260) controllable with a call indicator device (250) for activating the processing unit (210) to generate the elevator call signal with the electrical energy from the energy storage (230). further, the invention relates also to a method for generating an elevator call.
the disclosure relates to a method for initiating a roaming communication link with a user equipment (ue) (202) in a visited communication network (240), in particular in a network slice of the visited communication network (240), the method comprising: transmitting a registration request (203) by the ue (202) to a network entity (252, 251) of the visited communication network (240), wherein the registration request comprises an identity (ue id) of the user equipment (ue id); detecting by the network entity (252, 251) of the visited communication network (240), based on the ue id, that the registration request (203) is related to a roaming communication with the ue; determining by the network entity (252, 251) of the visited communication network (240) a home communication network (210) of the ue (202); establishing by the network entity (252, 251) of the visited communication network (240) a communication link (206, 207) to a network entity (221, 222) of the home communication network (210); and initiating the roaming communication link with the ue (202) via the network entity (221, 222) of the home communication network (210).
suggested are triiterpene-glycoside compounds, which are obtainable by the extraction of gynostemma pentaphyllum which are useful as a sweetener or sweet taste enhancer in preparations and compositions, especially oral edible compositions.
a system with an intracardiac implant (110) and a cover (150) is provided. the cover (150) at least partially surrounds the implant (110).
the invention relates to a textile treatment device (1) for treating a textile. the textile treatment device comprises an image sensor (5) for taking an image of the textile to be treated, and a control unit (8) for executing an algorithm stored in the textile treatment device (1), using the taken image as an input of the algorithm, to obtain a classification of the textile. the control unit (8) controls, based on said classification, at least one operating parameter of the textile treatment device (1).
the disclosure relates to a method for initiating a roaming communication link with a user equipment (ue) (202) in a visited communication network (240), in particular in a network slice of the visited communication network (240), the method comprising: transmitting a registration request (203) by the ue (202) to a network entity (251) of the visited communication network (240), wherein the registration request comprises an identity (ue id) of the user equipment; detecting by the network entity (251) of the visited communication network (240), based on the ue id, that the registration request (203) is related to a roaming communication with the ue (202); determining by the network entity (251) of the visited communication network (240) a home communication network (210) of the ue (202); retrieving, by the network entity (251) of the visited communication network, subscriber-specific data of the ue (202) from a routing data layer (rdl) entity (253) of the visited communication network (240) for roaming the ue in the visited communication network (240), wherein the rdl entity is coupled to the home communication network (210) of the ue (202) via a data base interface (206, 207); and initiating the roaming communication link with the ue (202) based on the subscriber-specific data of the ue (202) received via the rdl entity (253).
an anti-torque system (10) for a helicopter (1) is described that comprises: an electric power supply unit (15); at least one first rotor (17), operatively connected to an electric power supply unit (15) and operable by the electric power supply unit (15) so as to rotate with a first variable angular speed; and at least one second rotor (25) operatively connected to electric power supply unit (15) and operable by the electric power supply unit (15) so as to rotate with a second variable angular speed.
the present invention relates to a software-defined radio chip or module suitable for integration on a host device. the software-defined radio chip comprises digital signal processing capability which includes standard digital signal processing hardware and reconfigurable programmable logic, the reconfigurable programmable logic is configured in such a way as to provide secure digital signal processing capability to the software-defined radio, thereby providing a secure software-defined radio.figure 2
the disclosure relates to a communication system (200), in particular a 5g communication system, comprising: a network access entity (252), in particular an amf entity of a network slice (250) of the communication system (200), configured to receive a communication request message (205) from a user equipment (ue), wherein the communication request message (205) comprises an identifier (203) of the ue (202) and a user identifier (204) identifying a user of the ue (202); and a data repository (260), in particular a unified data repository (udr) of the network slice (250), configured to receive an identification request message (254) from the network access entity (252), wherein the identification request message (254) comprises the identifier (203) of the ue (202) and the user identifier (204), wherein the data repository (260) is configured to provide a verification of the ue (202) with the user identifier (204) based on a communication profile indicating a relation of the user identifier (204) with the identifier (203) of the ue (202), wherein the network access entity (252) is configured to enable establishment of a communication link with the ue based on a successful verification of the ue (202) with the user identifier (204).
an apparatus with a first photodetector and a second photodetector is provided. the apparatus is configured to receive light, and the first photodetector is configured to detect a first portion of the light. the first photodetector and the second photodetector are in a stacked arrangement and the apparatus is configured to pass a second portion of the light through the first photodetector to the second photodetector. the apparatus further comprises an optical blocking filter configured to filter the second portion of the light prior to the second portion of the light arriving at the second photodetector.
the present invention provides an innovative combination of biomaterials, multifunctional polymers, able to structure themselves at the site of action. the innovative combination of biomaterials of the invention is formulated in a solid composition and can be used as a versatile delivery vehicle or carrier in many pharmaceutical fields. the solid composition comprising the combination of biomaterials of the invention is provided to target delivery for medical purposes in humans.
the disclosure relates to a method for processing an emergency message (204) in a communication network, in particular a local public land mobile network (plmn) (200), the method comprising: transmitting, by a user equipment (ue), an emergency message (204) to an access network entity (241, 242) of a network slice (240) of the communication network (200), wherein the emergency message (204) comprises an emergency identifier (e_id); detecting by the access network entity (241, 242) of the network slice (240) of the communication network (200), based on the e_id, that the emergency message (204) is related to emergency; forwarding the emergency message (204) to an emergency network slice (250) of the communication network (200) based on the emergency detection; and establishing, by the emergency network slice (250), a communication link between the ue (202) and a public safety answering point (psap) (260) for processing the emergency message (204).
an apparatus with a first photodetector and a second photodetector is provided. the apparatus is configured to receive light, and there is an optical arrangement configured to split the light received at the apparatus so that a first portion of the light is directed to the first photodetector and a second portion of the light is directed to the second photodetector. an optical blocking filter is configured to filter the second portion of the light prior to the second portion of the light arriving at the second photodetector.
the invention provides a composition for use as a delivery vehicle comprising at least one thermo-responsive polymer (polymer a) and at least one ion-sensitive polymer (polymer b) in a liquid formulation. polymer a is preferably a polyoxyethylene-polyoxypropylene block copolymer or a cellulose derivative. polymer b a polysaccharide. the composition can include an active substance for delivery or can be used as a delivery vehicle for a substance added at the time of administration such as mesenchymal stem cells.
the invention relates to colored solar cells comprising effect pigments consisting of a transparent or semi-transparent flake-form substrate coated with one or more layers of transparent or semi-transparent materials.
the invention relates to a radio access network, ran, slice 100 for providing radio access to a communication network for a user equipment 102. the ran slice 100 is uniquely identified by a ran slice identifier. the ran slice 100 comprises a base station 101 for providing access to the ran slice 100 for the user equipment 102, an access and mobility management function, amf, entity 103, which is configured to handle the ran slice identifier that is identifying the ran slice 100, and a session management function, smf, entity 104 which is configured to handle data communications of the user equipment 102 over the ran slice 100. the base station 101 is configured to receive an attach request originating from the user equipment 102 to connect to the ran slice 100, and to reject access to the ran slice 100 if the attach request does not comprise the ran slice identifier. the invention further relates to a communication method.
a controller for controlling a motor of a closure and/or blind in a vehicle body is configured to determine a reference state signal (82) comprising speed and/or current measurements, repeatedly estimate motor model parameters of the motor, determine an estimated state signal (84) based on an input signal (81) comprising measurements or estimates of a voltage, the estimated motor model parameters, the reference state signal and an error signal (122), the error signal representing a difference between the reference state signal and the estimated state signal, determine a disturbance observer signal (112) from the error signal, compute a first derivative of the disturbance observer signal at a present moment, and reverse the motor upon determining that the first derivative of the disturbance observer signal exceeds a threshold.
the disclosure relates to a communication system (200), in particular a 5g communication system, comprising: at least one visited network slice (240) comprising a visited network access entity (251), in particular a visited radio access network (ran) entity; a home network slice (210) comprising a home network access entity (221), in particular a home amf entity; and a bridge entity (260) coupled between the visited network access entity (251) and the home network access entity (221), wherein the bridge entity (260) is configured to route a registration request message (203) of a roaming user equipment (ue) (202) received from the visited network access entity (251) to the home network access entity (221).
the invention relates to an improved mold to encapsulate a plastic material to at least a portion of the periphery of a glazing panel comprising an upper mold which comprises a body and a molding surface; a lower mold which comprises a body and a molding surface; a cavity formed when the mold is closed between molding surfaces and the glazing panel.the invention relates also to a method to encapsulate a plastic material as a profiled joint to at least a portion of the periphery of a glazing panel and to a glazing panel comprising on a portion of its periphery at least a profiled joint obtained by the method
the present application relates to the use of a surface-reacted calcium carbonate as extrusion aid for the production of a puffed fibrillated cellulose-based material, wherein the surface-reacted calcium carbonate is a reaction product of ground natural calcium carbonate (gncc) or precipitated calcium carbonate (pcc) with carbon dioxide.
a method of encoding visible light communication information in an image frame to be displayed at a display screen includes measuring the temperature (104) of at least one portion of the display screen during use. the method also includes encoding the visible light communication information in the image frame so as to be displayed at the at least one portion of the display screen. this is done by setting at least one of the luminosity and the hue of the pixels at the at least one portion of the display screen dependent on the measured temperature (104) of the at least one portion of the display screen.
a system is disclosed for combining data stored in different transactional databases 16, 34, 36, 42. the first database 16 stores various details regarding a transaction such as currency, primary account number (pan), date and transaction amount. a risk based decisioning (rbd) database 34 can include additional information relating to the same transaction such as address and billing address. a cloning agent 24 creates a partial copy of the first database 16. a combining node 26 then cleans the data and combines data in the first database 16 with data in the rbd database 34, a cem database 36 and/or other databases 42 in order to create a third transactional database which contains combined data. the third transactional database includes data fields that cannot be found in any one of the other databases 16, 34, 36, 42.
an integrated circuit and its manufacturing method are disclosed. the integrated circuit includes a forming voltage pad, a memory array including a plurality of memory cells, and a plurality of access lines connected to the memory cells. a forming voltage rail is coupled to the forming voltage pad. a diode is disposed in current flow communication with the forming voltage rail and an access line in the plurality of access lines. the diode is configured to be forward biased during application of a forming voltage to the forming voltage pad to induce a forming current in memory cells in the plurality of memory cells, and to be reverse biased during application of a reference voltage to the forming voltage pad during utilization of the memory array for memory operations.
the present disclosure relates to a composition and its use for treating a sputum sample suspected to contain mycobacteria. the composition comprises thymol, a linear or branched alcohol, a chaotropic agent, a reducing agent, a detergent, and a buffer, and has a ph value between 8.5 and 10. also disclosed is a method for treating a sputum sample suspected to contain mycobacteria.
a method for trusted notifications comprises: receiving, at a first host having at least one trusted server, from a sender computing device, a request message, the request message comprising a request identifier and instructions to: update, at a second host, an account which is associated with a recipient computing device, and to make a corresponding update at the first host to an account associated with the sender computing device. the method comprises authorising, at the first host, the request message; updating the account associated with the sender computing device; generating a secure message at the at least one trusted server, the secure message comprising the request identifier and an indication from the at least one trusted server that the update has been completed, and sending the secure message from the first host to the sender computing device; receiving the secure message at the sender computing device; conveying the secure message from the sender computing device to the recipient computing device; and validating the secure message at the recipient computing device to confirm completion of the update.
a multi-screen display apparatus comprising: (i) a plurality of display devices in an array, wherein each display device comprises a screen, an information receiver for receiving information from a remote control device and an on/off switch for enabling and disabling the information receiver; (ii) at least one connector for allowing the display devices to communicate with each other; and (iii) at least one controller configured to control each information receiver and each on/off switch, wherein the at least one controller is configured such that when a first on/off switch on a first display device is activated, the at least one controller enables the information receiver of said first display device and disables all other information receivers in the array.
a method of encoding visible light communication information in an image frame (100) includes processing the image frame (100) to identify one or more high frequency components (106, 108) of the image frame (100). subsequently, the image frame (100) is encoded in the region of at least one of the high frequency components (106, 108) with information for visible light communication.
a sintered magnetic body (100) comprising grains (110), each grain (110) having a preferred axis of magnetization (112), wherein in at least one cross-sectional plane (cs, cs') of the sintered magnetic body (100) a majority of said grains (110) are oriented such that their preferred axis of magnetization (112) is pointing to a focal area (f, f') outside of the sintered magnetic body (100).the sintered magnetic body has the advantage that a magnetic field strength on the side of the focal area of the sintered magnetic body or a magnetic flux density in a certain area is enhanced compared to a sintered magnetic body having a purely parallel magnetization pattern. this can be used to increase the efficiency of electrical machines.
the invention concerns a beverage preparation apparatus (10) comprising a main frame (1) supporting the functional components of the apparatus, part of said components comprising :- a diluent supply system (4),- at least two containers (2), said containers being configured for storing soluble beverage ingredients,- at least two dissolution chambers (3) configured for preparing a beverage from a dose of soluble beverage ingredient and a dose of diluent, each dissolution chamber comprising :• at last one diluent inlet (31a, 31b) designed to removably cooperate with the diluent supply system,• one ingredient inlet (30) designed to receive the dose of soluble beverage ingredient,• one beverage dispensing outlet (32),wherein the apparatus comprises a sub-frame (5), said sub-frame being configured for holding all the dissolution chambers (2) and, said sub-frame being removably attached to the main frame (1).
the present invention provides a method for modifying image content (101) to improve image perception especially for deuteranope people, the method comprising identifying (s1, s11) regions of a first color (105) and regions of a second color (106) in the image content (101), determining (s2, s12) the luminance values of the pixels in the regions of the first color (105) and the regions of the second color (106), and darkening (s3, s13) the regions of the first color (105) and brightening (s4) the regions of the second color (106), or brightening the regions of the first color (105) and darkening the regions of the second color (106) based on a difference of the luminance values of the regions of the first color (105) and the luminance values of the regions of the second color (106). further, the present invention provides a respective display device (100).
an apparatus comprising: a connector configured to be electrically and mechanically connectable to an electrical terminal, wherein the connector comprises a resistive material. the connector comprises respective first and second electrical contacts, wherein the resistive material is configured to provide a direct current connection for the flow of electric current between the first and second electrical contacts.
the invention relates to a network entity (160) for providing a service in a mobile communication network (100), wherein the mobile communication network (100) comprises a plurality of basic network functions (130, 130'). the network entity (160) is configured to: receive a service request, wherein the service request identifies a service requested by a further network entity (110, 120) of the mobile communication network (100); select on the basis of the service request one or more basic network functions from the plurality of basic network functions (130; 130'); and generate a composite network function on the basis of the selected basic network functions (130) for providing the service requested by the service request. moreover, the invention relates to a mobile communication network (100) comprising the network entity (160) as well as a corresponding method for providing a service in the mobile communication network (100).
in cultures with a high degree of digitization, the value of money is no longer evident to consumers because bank accounts become increasingly virtual. with the emergence of cryptocurrencies, like bitcoin, the situation gets worse because no physical equivalent exists for these "coins".an improved computer-implemented method for a group of people to share funds over an extended period of time is provided comprising establishing a buffer fund through an issuer; the issuer authorizing a fund manager to manage the buffer fund within the issuer-defined settings; the fund manager being authorized to independently authorize purchasers to make payments from the buffer fund; the fund manager independently issuing one or more virtual identification devices to each purchaser; each purchaser being authorized to make payments; and the fund manager further ensuring that the amount of money in the buffer fund for a pre-determined period remains within an upper and lower money setting.the fund manager enjoys a high degree of independence from the issuer due to the authorization by the issuer. each purchaser enjoys a high degree of independence from the fund manager due to the authorization by the fund manager. in this way, management of the fund is shared with all purchasers having some responsibility to monitor their own purchases to avoid adversely affecting any of the other purchasers. it is this shared responsibility which contributes to learning about money.
the present invention relates to a method for analyzing samples comprising spermatozoa, said method comprising the use of a flow-through counting compartment, wherein the time period between the end of loading and closing is carried out in a controlled and specified time period. the present invention further relates to a counting compartment or chamber suitable for said method and to a counting device comprising said counting compartment.
a method and system is disclosed for registering a user to a cloud-based application, for enabling user access to a cloud-based application. it may comprise receiving a registration request for user access to the cloud-based application, the registration request comprising an identifier associated with a telephone apparatus. the method may further comprise initiating a communication to the telephone apparatus using the identifier, and detecting receipt of the communication at the telephone apparatus to establish a telephony connection. the method may further comprise, subsequent to detecting receipt of the communication to establish a telephony connection, registering the user to the cloud-based application for enabling subsequent access.
the present invention relates to a dough processing device, for use on a dough line, comprising dough processing means, such as a flour dispenser, a roller, a cutter, a folding shoe, for processing the dough on a conveyor; arranged in a frame, arranged for being placed as a bridge over a dough conveyor and thereto having supports at opposite ends; provided with fastening means, for fastening the supports on either side to a dough conveyor housing; wherein at least one support is provided with transport means, for transporting the dough processing device directly over a conveyor while supporting the dough processing device on said conveyor. the invention further relates to a dough processing line comprising such a dough processing device.
the present invention relates to a receiver (2200) for recognizing blinding attacks in a quantum encrypted channel (1300) comprising an optical fiber, comprising a multipixel detector (2210) comprising a plurality of pixels, and configured to be illuminated by a light beam outputted by the optical fiber, and a processing unit (2220) connected to the multipixel detector (2210) and configured to determine the presence of a blinding attack if a predetermined number of pixels detects light within a predetermined interval. the invention further relates to the use of the receiver (2200) for recognizing blinding attacks in a quantum encrypted channel (1300) and to a method for recognizing blinding attacks in a quantum encrypted channel (1300).
the present invention relates to a method (10) for calibrating a medical imaging device (2) in terms of its image acquisition geometry, to a method (10) for performing a 2d3d-registration based on corresponding calibration data, and to a corresponding system (1). as part of the method (1) multiple images of a phantom (4) are acquired using the imaging device (2) in different positions of the phantom (4). a corresponding motion of the phantom (4) from one position to a respective next position is tracked by means of a tracking device (2, 6, 7, 8, 9) to keep continuous track of a spatial relation between the phantom (4) and the imaging device (2). the medical imaging device (2) is then calibrated based on the acquired images, corresponding recorded poses of the imaging device (2), and the tracked motion of the phantom (4).
identification protocols, such as those developed by emvco llc, ensure worldwide interoperability between poi terminals and chip-based payment applications and devices. these standardized data interactions are very limited, and make the implementation of new functionalities very difficult, and it takes years before the standards are agreed and implemented.an identification transaction method comprising: commencing, by a poi terminal, an emv-compliant identification transaction with an identification devices; receiving, by the poi terminal, an indication from the identification device that the device may participate in non-emv compliant identification transactions; responding by either: (a) continuing the emv-compliant identification transaction with the identification devices if the indication is negative or no indication is received; or (b) commencing and continuing a non-emv compliant identification transaction with the identification devices if the indication is positive.by implementing such a function selection, new non-emv compliant functionalities may be quickly added to existing proprietary kernels. by quickly providing new functionalities, the migration to improved id devices may be accelerated.
the present invention relates to a two-wire electrical system comprising at least one controller connected to a plurality of nodes. methods for determining the electrical positions of nodes connected to the two-wire electrical system are provided. additionally, a system for performing said methods is provided.
the invention relates to a method for controlling a heating- or cooling- and/or ventilation- and/or air-conditioning (hvac)-apparatus, a corresponding control unit and possible uses of the control unit. the method for controlling the hvac-apparatus is based on a control loop. the control loop starts off with calculating a quantity indicative of a thermal sensation of a user from at least one user-specific parameter and data from at least one sensor. afterwards a deviation of this quantity from a value indicative of a target thermal sensation is computed. in the end the control loop outputs a control variable correlating with this deviation to the heating- or cooling- and/or ventilation- and/or air-conditioning-apparatus. during this cycle the control loop utilizes at least a body fat ratio of a user as the at least one user-specific parameter and a room air temperature as data from the at least one sensor.
this invention relates to a method for maintenance of a transportation device propelled by an electric motor, wherein an incremental encoder senses motion of a moving part of or a part moved by said electric motor, wherein a motor model is used in control of said electric motor, wherein said method comprises:- acquiring a pulses-per-rotation configuration value pprconf, representing a number of pulses which should be provided by the incremental encoder per one rotation of the electric motor in normal operation;- deriving a pulses-per-rotation estimation value pprest representing a number of pulses per one rotation of the electric motor, based on motor model information of the electrical motor control;- determining a pulses-per-rotation error value pprerr representing a deviation of the pulses-per-rotation estimation value pprest from the pulses-per-rotation configuration value pprconf, based on the relation: pprerr=pprest−pprconf or pprconf−pprest or pprest/pprconf or pprconf/pprest; andutilizing the pulses-per-rotation error value pprerr for establishing a maintenance information indicating that a maintenance should be done on the transportation device. other aspects are a software program realizing the method, and a controller for controlling a transportation device.
the invention relates to a logical subnetwork, in particular a network slice (100) of a communication network, in particular a mobile communication network. the logical subnetwork (100) comprises: a local error handling entity (140); a first network element (130a) comprising a first error monitoring function (131a), wherein the first error monitoring function (131a) has a monitoring mode and a repair mode, wherein in the monitoring mode the first error monitoring function (131a) is configured to determine a first communication parameter of the first network element (130a) and to provide the first communication parameter to the local error handling entity (140) and wherein in the repair mode the first error monitoring function (131a) is configured to switch the first network element (130a) into a predefined state; and a second network element (130x) providing a second error monitoring function (131x), wherein the second error monitoring function (131x) has a monitoring mode and a repair mode, wherein in the monitoring mode the second error monitoring function (131x) is configured to determine a second communication parameter of the second network element (130x) and to provide the second communication parameter to the local error handling entity (140) and wherein in the repair mode the second error monitoring function (131x) is configured to switch the second network element (130x) into a predefined state; wherein the local error handling entity (140) is configured to determine a first error condition based on the first communication parameter and at least one first reference parameter and, in the event of a first error, switch the first error monitoring function (131a) into the repair mode and wherein the local error handling entity (140) is configured to determine a second error condition based on the second communication parameter and at least one second reference parameter and, in the event of a second error, switch the second error monitoring function (131x) into the repair mode.
according to an embodiment, a method for moving a communication terminal from a first communication network to a second communication network is described which comprises establishing a communication session for the communication terminal by means of a first session management function of the first communication network, determining a session management function of the second communication network to handle the communication session when providing the communication session by means of the second communication network, informing a mobility management function of the second communication network about the determined session management function and providing the communication session for the communication terminal by means of the determined session management function upon a request by the communication terminal to register in the second communication network or to move the communication session from the first communication network to the second communication network.
the invention relates to a network entity (150) for a mobile communication network (100) for providing area-specific messages to a plurality of user equipments (110, 110'), wherein each of the plurality of user equipments (110, 110') is associated with a respective network slice of a plurality of network slices (130, 130') of the mobile communication network (100). the network entity (150) is configured to: receive information about the current spatial position and about the current network slice association of each of the plurality of user equipments (110, 110'); and forward on the basis of the information about the current spatial position and about the current network slice association of each of the plurality of user equipments (110, 110') an area-specific message to those network slices of the plurality of network slices (130, 130'), which are associated with at least one of the plurality of user equipments (110, 110') located in a defined spatial area (120a) of the mobile communication network (100) for distributing the area-specific message to the plurality of user equipments (110, 110') located in the defined spatial area (120a) of the mobile communication network (100). moreover, the invention relates to a corresponding mobile communication network (100) as well as a corresponding method for providing area-specific messages to a plurality of user equipments (110, 110') of a mobile communication network (100).
there is provided an apparatus for detecting an ongoing ischemic stroke in a subject or detecting whether the subject is at risk of developing an ischemic stroke, the apparatus comprising a processing unit configured to control a stimulus component to apply a sensory stimulation to the subject to affect the flow of blood to the left part and/or right part of the brain of the subject; obtain measurements of the blood flow in left and right parts of the head and/or neck of the subject for a time period during and/or after the sensory stimulation is applied to the subject; determine a measure of asymmetry in the blood flow in the left and right parts of the head and/or neck of the subject from the obtained measurements; and determine whether the subject has an ongoing ischemic stroke or whether the subject is at risk of developing an ischemic stroke from the determined measure of asymmetry. a corresponding method of operating an apparatus is also provided.
the present invention refers to a method for determining a content parameter of video data, in particular a movie or series. the method preferably comprises at least the steps: displaying a video with a display device (103, 201), in particularly a tv,capturing of at least one value representing a physical parameter of a user with a wearable device (101, 300), in particularly a smartwatch,linking the value with a timestamp of the video data,determining if the value is above or below a predefined threshold.
the present invention relates to a use of a microorganism of the class coriobacteriia for promoting gut health of a healthy subject. also provided is a method for the production of chenodeoxycholic acid (cdca) and a method for the production of lithocholic acid (lca).
the present invention relates to an electronic device comprising between an semiconducting layer comprising a borate complex comprising a metal selected from ca and sr and at least one borate ligand, wherein the borate ligand comprises at least one heterocyclic group and a method for preparing the same.
disclosed are a method and system for upgrading a service or microservice within a system where an updated version of the service is employed in the system without immediately allowing the service from assuming control of the final output of the system.
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a method for forming a vertical channel device, the method comprising:forming a vertical semiconductor structure including an upper portion, an intermediate portion and a lower portion, by etching a semiconductor layer stack arranged on a substrate, the semiconductor layer stack including an upper semiconductor layer, an intermediate semiconductor layer and a lower semiconductor layer, wherein the intermediate semiconductor layer is formed of a material different from a material of the lower semiconductor layer and different from a material of the upper semiconductor layer,wherein the forming of the vertical semiconductor structure comprises:etching the upper semiconductor layer to form said upper portion and the intermediate semiconductor layer to form said intermediate portion,detecting whether said etching has reached the lower semiconductor layer, andin response to detecting that said etching has reached the lower semiconductor layer, changing to a modified etching chemistry being different from an etching chemistry used during said etching of the intermediate semiconductor layer, and etching the lower semiconductor layer using the modified etching chemistry to form said lower portion, wherein the modified etching chemistry is such that the lower portion is formed to present, along at least a part of said lower portion, a lateral dimension gradually increasing along a direction towards the substrate,and the method further comprising:forming a gate stack extending vertically along the intermediate portion to define a channel region of the vertical channel device.  
the present invention relates to a semiconducting material comprising: (i) at last one metal complex or metal salt comprising a divalent metal; and (ii) at least one matrix compound comprising a dialkylphosphine oxide group, an electronic device comprising the same and a method for preparing the same.
the disclosure relates to a base station system for transmitting a data stream (104) towards a user entity (105), wherein the data stream (104) comprises first data (104a) and second data (104b), the first data (104a) being associated with a first transmission quality requirement, the second data (104b) being associated with a second transmission quality requirement. the base station system comprises: a multiple-in-multiple-out (mimo) base station (101) that is configured to handle communications of the user entity (105) in the communication cell using beamforming; and at least one remote transmitter (103a), which is arranged spaced apart from the mimo base station (101) in the communication cell; wherein the mimo base station (101) is configured to directly transmit the first data (104a) towards the user entity (105) using a transmission beam and to forward the second data (104b) towards the remote transmitter (103a); and wherein the remote transmitter (103a) is configured, upon receipt of the second data (104b), to transmit the second data (104b) towards the user entity (105).
the present invention pertains to a pipetting apparatus and method capable of detecting a liquid (9, 9') within an intermediate section (4) of a pipette tube (1) of the pipetting apparatus. the intermediate section (4) is located between an upper section (2) of the pipette tube (1) at which a first electrode (10) is arranged and a lower section (3) at which a second electrode (11) is arranged. the first and second electrodes (10, 11) form a measurement capacitor and are operationally connected to an impedance measurement unit (13), which is adapted to detect whether liquid (9, 9'), such as a portion of a sample liquid (9) or system liquid (9'), is present within the intermediate section (4) based on the measured impedance or change of impedance, e.g. an increase of the capacitance and/or a decrease of the resistance, of the measurement capacitor caused by a presence of the liquid (9, 9') within the intermediate section (4).
a method of determining a distortion of a field of view of a scanning electron microscope is described, the method comprising the steps of:- providing a sample comprising a plurality of substantially parallel lines extending in a first direction;- performing a plurality of scans across the field of view of the sample along a respective plurality of scan-trajectories extending in a scan direction; the scan direction being substantially perpendicular to the first direction;- detecting a response signal of the sample caused by the scanning of the sample;- determining a distance between a first line segment of a line and a second line segment of the line, whereby each of the first line segment and the second line segment are crossed by a plurality of scan trajectories, based on the response signal;- performing the previous step for a plurality of locations within the field of view and- determining the distortion across the field of view, based on the determined distances at the plurality of locations.
the present invention relates to a pipetting apparatus (10) comprising a pipette tube (14) having a first end provided with an opening for aspirating and/or dispensing of a sample fluid (12) and a second end operationally connected to a pressure generating means (18). the pipetting apparatus (10) comprises at least one measuring unit (26,28) adapted to determine at least one sample fluid measurement value based on said aspirating and/or dispensing of the sample fluid (12) and to provide a sample fluid measurement signal representative thereof to an output of the measuring unit (26,28). said pipetting apparatus (10) further comprises a control circuit (32) operationally coupled to the output of the measuring unit (26,28) and the input of the pressure generating means (18), said control circuit (32) is configured to control said pressure generating means (18) based on the sample fluid measurement signal.
a hearing protection device and a method of operating a hearing protection device is disclosed. the hearing protection device comprises a first microphone for provision of a first microphone input signal; a sub-band splitting module for dividing the first microphone input signal into a plurality of sub-band signals, an estimator module for estimating a signal strength parameter of respective sub-band signals including a first signal strength parameter of a first sub-band signal and a second signal strength parameter of a second sub-band signal; a multiband limiter configured for applying a gain reduction to the first microphone input signal or each of the sub-band signals; and a limiter controller connected to the multiband limiter, wherein the limiter controller is configured to determine gain reductions for the sub-band signals of the first microphone input signal, wherein a second gain reduction for the second sub-band signal is based on the first signal strength parameter for the first sub-band signal, and wherein the limiter controller is configured to control the multiband limiter to apply the second gain reduction to the second sub-band signal .
the invention relates to a method for maintenance of a frequency converter for driving an electric motor of a transportation device, said frequency converter being supplied with ac mains power via a contactor, and including a rectifier circuit for providing a dc supply voltage, a capacitive intermediate circuit for leveling dc supply voltage, and an inverter circuit for providing power to the electric motor. in the method, after the transportation device has been vacant for a predetermined time period, said contactor is opened to disable power flow from mains supply to the frequency converter, and a test load is connected to the intermediate circuit, parallel to a capacity of the intermediate circuit. the dc supply voltage udc(t) is detected, and the detected dc supply voltage udc(t) is utilized for establishing a maintenance information indicating that a maintenance should be done on the frequency converter. another aspect of the invention is a software program realizing the method when executed on a computer.
the disclosure relates to a base station system for handling a paging request towards a user entity (105) in a communication cell, wherein the base station system comprises: a broadcast transmitter (103a-c) being configured to broadcast the paging request in the communication cell, the paging request indicating the user entity (105); and a multiple-in-multiple-out (mimo) base station (101) that is configured to handle communications of the user entity (105) in the communication cell using beamforming after broadcasting the paging request by the broadcast transmitter (103a-c); and wherein the mimo base station (101) and the broadcast transmitter (103a-c) are arranged spaced apart from each other in the communication cell.
a computer-implemented method and system for determining the geographical location of a user based on the characteristics of intersecting features, such as a road intersection. specifically, the geometry of each intersection in a geographical area is used to derive a unique fingerprint for each individual intersection, the fingerprint comprising information relating to the geometry, the geographical location of the intersection, and other characteristics. these fingerprints can then be stored locally to a device, for example, a mobile phone, a tablet, a wearable computing device, an in-vehicle infotainment (ivi) system and the like. to determine the geographical location of the device, the geometry of a nearby intersection may be analysed by some means and compared to the stored set of unique fingerprints to identify the intersection and its associated location.
an inductive power connector comprising first and second connector parts that are removably connectable. each connector part comprises one or more electrical windings provided around a magnetic core. the first connector part is insertable into the second connector part in an axial direction so that its windings couple with the windings of the second connector part by electromagnetic induction. where more than one winding is provided on either connector part, the windings are longitudinally spaced apart, coaxial and separated by part of the magnetic core.
the present invention relates to a liquid electrolyte formulation for a lithium metal secondary battery comprising:- a conductive lithium salt which is selected from the group comprising litfsi, lifsi, lici, lif, licn, lic2n3, lins, lino2, lino3, libf4, lipf6, liasf6, lisbf6, lialcl4- a first ionic liquid having the formula (cation)fsi, wherein cation is a quaternary alkyl ammonium cation selected from the group comprising (r11r2r3)n+ and (r11r22)n+, where r11 and r22, which may be identical or different, form an heterocycle containing c3 to c10 linear or branched alkyl chains, r2 and r3, which may be identical or different, are linear or branched c1 to c20 alkyl chain,- a second ionic liquid as anti-corrosion agent, said second ionic liquid having the formula (cation)(anion) where (cation) is defined as above and (anion) is an anion comprising at least one nitrile functionality.the present invention relates also to a process for preparing such liquid electrolyte formulation and a lithium metal secondary battery comprising said liquid electrolyte formulation.
a microfluidic routing device (1) for routing objects of interest (2) in a microfluidic flow, the device comprising a substrate (3); a first layer (4) provided on the substrate (3), in which the first layer (4) forms a bottom wall of a microfluidic channel (6), wherein at least two holes through the first layer (4) form respectively an inlet (11) and an outlet (12) for the microfluidic channel (6); a second layer (7) spaced away from the first layer (4), in which the second layer (7) forms a top wall of the microfluidic channel (6), wherein said second layer (7) is adapted for transmitting an optical signal from the microfluidic channel (6).
the present invention relates to a high density high density fuel unit for a nuclear reactor which is configured to be arranged in an elongated tubular cladding (3) of a fuel rod (2). the high density fuel unit (1) comprises an outer surface (1a) which together with an outer surface (1a) of at least one further high density fuel unit (1) in a transverse plane of the cladding (3) form a continuous outer circular surface to be in contact with a surrounding inner circular surface (3a) of the cladding (3). the high density fuel unit (1) comprises an inner surface (1b) designed to be located at least partly at a distance from an inner surface (1b) of the at least one further high density fuel unit (1) in said transverse plane such that an empty space (5) is formed between the high density fuel units (1) which is configured to receive swelling portions of the high density fuel units (1) under irradiation.
driver unit (11) for a voltage-controlled switching element (13), comprising- a first output terminal (29) for connecting a control terminal (20) of the switching element (13),- a second output terminal (30) for connecting a further terminal (21) of the switching element (13),- an output stage section (31) having a high-side terminal (35) and a low-side terminal (36) and being controllable to connect one of its terminals (35, 36) to the first output terminal (29) of the driver unit (11) based on a control signal (23) representative switching the switching element (13), and- a dc conversion section (32) configured to supply the output stage section (31) and to convert an input voltage (41) into a positive first voltage (45) between the high-side terminal (35) and the second output terminal (30) of the driver unit (11) and into a positive second voltage (46) between the second output terminal (30) of the driver unit (11) and the low-side terminal (36),characterized wherein the dc conversion section (32) is configured to provide the first voltage (45) and the second voltage (46) such that, when a value of the first voltage (45) is above a threshold value, a value of the second voltage (46) increases more than the first voltage (45) with an increase of the input voltage (41).
the invention relates to a method of forming a metal can comprising the steps of:- providing a metal sheet (5) with a polymer coating on at least one side,- cutting a blank (4) from the metal sheet (5),- drawing the blank (4) into a cup (9),- wall ironing the cup (9) into a can (18), andwherein the blank (4) is drawn in a single drawing step into a cup (9), wherein the inner diameter of the cup (9) after the single drawing step matches the required inner diameter to be subjected to the wall ironing step.
method for additively manufacturing of three-dimensional objects (2) by means of successive layerwise selective irradiation and consolidation of layers of a build material (3) which can be consolidated by means of an energy source, wherein a carrying unit (5) is provided that is adapted to carry the object (2) to be built, wherein at least one foil- or sheet-like carrying element (7) is detachably connected with the carrying unit (5), wherein the carrying element (7) provides a surface (10) on which the object (2) is additively built, wherein at least one part of the carrying element (7) is part of at least one object (2) to be built.
the disclosure relates to a base station system for transmitting data towards a user entity (105) using beamforming in a communication cell. the base station system comprises: a multiple-in-multiple-out (mimo) base station (101) that is configured to handle communications of the user entity (105) in the communication cell using beamforming; and a plurality of beamforming transmitters (103a-b), each beamforming transmitter (103a-b) being arranged spaced apart from the mimo base station (101) in the communication cell, wherein the mimo base station (101) is configured to select a beamforming transmitter (103a) from the plurality of beamforming transmitters (103a-b) and to transmit the data towards the selected beamforming transmitter (103a) using a first downlink transmission beam (104a) that is spatially directed towards the selected beamforming transmitter (103a); and wherein the selected beamforming transmitter (103a) is configured to receive the first downlink transmission beam (104a) with the data from the mimo base station (101), and to forward the data towards the user entity (105) using a second downlink transmission beam (104b).
a cell for producing retroviral vectors comprising nucleic acid sequences encoding: i) gag-pol; ii) env; iii) the rna genome of the retroviral vector; and iv) optionally rev, or a functional substitute thereof, wherein at least two nucleic acid sequences are located at the same genetic locus; and wherein the at least two nucleic acid sequences are in reverse and/or alternating orientations.
the disclosure relates to a base station system for handling radio communications of a user entity (105) in a communication network (100), wherein the base station system comprising: a multiple-in-multiple-out (mimo) base station (101) that is configured to handle communications in a communication cell using beamforming, the base station (101) being identified by at least one communication parameter for establishing a communication channel using beamforming between the user entity (105) and the mimo base station (101); and a broadcast transmitter (103a) which is arranged spaced apart from the mimo-base station (101) in the communication cell, the broadcast transmitter (103a) being further configured to broadcast control information indicating the at least one communication parameter in the communication cell.
the present invention relates to the field of plant breeding and in particular to the regeneration of plants from cells and other tissues. more particularly, the invention provides methods and means for improving callus formation and regeneration of plants from callus tissue using a histone deacetylase inhibitor.
the invention relates to a composition comprising a) a propylene homopolymer and/or a propylene copolymer consisting of at least 70.0 wt% of propylene monomer units and at most 30.0 wt% of comonomer units selected from ethylene monomer units and -olefin monomer units having 4 to 10 carbon atoms, b) an optional ethylene--olefin copolymer, c) glass fibers and d) a reaction product of d1) a functionalized polypropylene and d2) a polyetheramine, wherein the total amount of a) and b) is 20.0 to 80.0 wt% with respect to the total composition, the amount of c) is 5.0 to 50.0 wt% with respect to the total composition, the amount of d2) is at least 5.0 wt% with respect to the total composition and the weight ratio of d2) to d1) is at least 0.050.
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a method of manufacturing a three-dimensional, 3d, semiconductor device comprising one or more cells, each of which comprising a gate structure and a channel, wherein the method comprises the steps of: providing (s902) a horizontal layer structure above a substrate; forming (s904) an opening that extends vertically through the horizontal layer structure to the substrate; lining (s906) an inside surface of the opening with a gate stack; recessing, from opening, a horizontal part of the gate stack such that the opening extends to the substrate; lining (s910) the inside surface of the opening with a sacrificial material layer; filling (s914) the opening with a filling material; removing (s916) the sacrificial material layer to form a recess; and forming (s922) the channel by epitaxially growing, in the recess, a channel material upwards from the substrate.
the disclosure relates to a base station system for transmitting data towards a user entity (205) using beamforming in a communication cell. the base station system comprises: a distributed beamforming antenna having a first sub-array of antenna elements (203a) and a second sub-array of antenna elements (203b), the first sub-array of antenna elements (203a) and the second sub-array of antenna elements (203b) forming a composite array of antenna elements for generating a composite transmission beam (207) and being arranged spaced apart from each other; and a multiple-in-multiple-out (mimo) base station (201) that is configured to handle communications of the user entity (205) in the communication cell using beamforming; wherein the first sub-array of antenna elements (203a) is co-located with the mimo base station (201); wherein the second sub-array of antenna elements (203b) is spaced apart from the mimo base station (201); and wherein the mimo base station (201) is configured to steer the first sub-array of antenna elements (203a) to generate a first sub-beam (204a) that is spatially directed towards the user entity (205), and to steer the second sub-array of antenna elements (203b) to generate a second sub-beam (204b) that is spatially directed towards the user entity (205), wherein the first sub-beam (204a) and the second sub-beam (204b) superimpose to the composite transmission beam (207).
an inductive power connector comprising first and second connector parts that are removably connectable. each connector part comprises one or more electrical windings provided around a magnetic core. the first connector part is insertable into the second connector part in an axial direction so that its windings couple with the windings of the second connector part by electromagnetic induction. a movable cover is provided as an anti-fouling measure, and which may serve as a magnetic shunt for completing a magnetic circuit when the first and second connector parts are disconnected.
a hearing aid comprising a hearing aid housing 1 with a connector socket 2 and an earpiece connector 3 with a connector plug 4, and where the connector socket 2 and the connector plug 4 are configured such that the connector plug 4 is releasably attached in the connector socket 2 for connecting the connector 3 to the hearing aid housing 1. the connector plug 4 comprises a connector plug body 5 having a separate deadbolt 6 movably arranged in the connector plug body 5.
the present disclosure relates to semiconductor integrated circuits, and more particularly, to decoupling capacitors suitable for placement routing using standard cell technology. embodiments described herein provide for localised decoupling to one or more targeted nets of an integrated circuit by providing de-coupling capacitor filler pad cells as part of a standard cell automatic place and route flow.
a method for dehydration and critical point drying of a sample (2) in a single chamber (1) is introduced, comprising the steps of (a) dehydrating the sample (2) by replacing water by an intermediate fluid (3), (b) replacing the intermediate fluid (3) by a transitional fluid (4), (c) pressurising the transitional fluid (4) to or beyond its critical pressure and/or heating the transitional fluid (4) to or beyond its critical temperature, and (d) in response to gradually releasing the pressure, letting the transitional fluid (4) gasify and escape from the sample (2). in step (a) and/or step (b), a ratio of the fluid to-be-replaced to the replacing fluid is measured and used to control a supply of the replacing fluid. the method reduces consumption of intermediate fluid (3) and/or transitional fluid (4), making the process more efficient in terms of duration and user interaction while ensuring a high degree of dryness and the integrity of the sample (2).
the method comprising providing a plurality of images of a scene captured by a plurality of image capturing devices (101); providing silhouette information of at least one object in the scene (102); generating a point cloud for the scene in 3d space using the plurality of images (103); extracting an object point cloud from the generated point cloud, the object point cloud being a point cloud associated with the at least one object in the scene (104); estimating a 3d shape volume of the at least one object from the silhouette information (105); and combining the object point cloud and the shape volume of the at least one object to generate a three-dimensional model (106).an apparatus for generating a 3d model, and a computer readable medium for generating the 3d model.
an integrated photonic device comprises: an input waveguide configured to extend in an input plane, and an output waveguide configured to extend in an output plane, wherein the output plane is parallel to or contained within the input plane; an input coupler optically coupled to the input waveguide, wherein the input coupler is configured to redirect a light signal out of the input waveguide and the input plane; a light property modifier configured to receive the light signal from the input coupler and reflect the light signal towards the output plane, wherein the light property modifier is configured to selectively adjust an optical path length of the light signal; and an output coupler optically coupled to the output waveguide, wherein the output coupler is configured to receive the reflected light signal from the light property modifier and redirect the light signal into the output waveguide and the output plane.
an apparatus comprising a processor and memory including computer program code, the memory and computer program code configured to, with the processor, enable the apparatus at least to:identify a target object, from a plurality of objects, which is within a field of view of a first user based on a determined location and orientation of the first user relative to respective predefined locations of the plurality of objects; andgenerate a command signal configured to trigger a corresponding action associated with the target object.
the present invention relates to a vinyl ester latex adhesive composition with improved stability and tensile adhesion at elevated temperatures, produced by the delayed addition of silane compounds. the present invention also relates to a process for producing such a vinyl ester latex adhesive and it's use as a d3 type wood adhesive in the furniture industry.
the client device (1) of the invention is configured to receive service information from a first network device (19) in a first communication network, determine time periods (71) from the service information and transmit client information to a second network device (11) in a second communication network. the time periods indicate when the client device is unavailable for receiving transmissions from the second network device and the client information identifies the time periods. the second network device is configured to receive the client information from the client device, determine exclusion time periods (72) from the client information, prepare transmission of a data unit (61, 63) to the client device, schedule transmission of the data unit at a time outside the exclusion time periods, and transmit the data unit to the client device at the scheduled time.
the present application relates to a method for controlling the dosage of a biogas production optimizer (bpo) in an anaerobic digester sludge from which biogas comprising hydrogen and methane is produced. the method comprises the steps of dosing the bpo to the anaerobic digester sludge and monitoring the concentration of the hydrogen in the produced biogas. the method further comprises the step of adjusting the dosage of the bpo according to the monitored concentration of the hydrogen in the produced biogas. the present application further relates to an anaerobic biogas digester system arranged to perform the method according to the present application.
there is provided an optical tracking system for tracking a location and a posture of a marker. the system includes an image capturing device having a first image capturing part, which captures a part of the marker to generate a light field image, and a second image capturing part, which captures an outgoing light emitted from an aperture, and a processor, which determines the posture of the marker based on a first image, which captures a part of a pattern surface and is obtained by extracting an image from the light field image at an infinite focal length, and the location of the marker based on a second image obtained by extracting an image from the light field image at a shorter focal length than the infinite focal length and a third image obtained by capturing the outgoing light emitted from the aperture to the second image capturing part.
a sensor (230, 240) for measuring the flow rate of a fluid in a flow tube (210), the sensor (230, 240) comprising sensing means (232, 242) and a sensor body (231, 241), wherein a portion of the sensing means (232, 242) is located within the sensor body (231, 241) and a first portion of the sensor body (231, 241) is arranged to fasten the sensor body (231, 241) to the flow tube (210) such that the sensor (230, 240) is positioned for sensing the flow rate of the fluid in the flow tube (210).
this method for managing resources of a computer cluster (1) involves automated means (2, 7, 9) to allocate to a job (4) at least one resource (3) among several resources (3) from the cluster (1), depending on at least one historical data (8) relative to at least one previous use of the resources (3).
according to the present disclosure, a hearing instrument is provided comprising a microphone for reception of sound and conversion of the received sound, a signal processor for processing the received sould into an audio signal compensating a hearing loss of a user, a speaker connected to the signal processor, and a wireless communication unit connected to the signal processor for wireless communication, the wireless communication unit being interconnected with an antenna structure for emission and reception of an electromagnetic field, the antenna structure comprising an antenna element having a first end and a second end, wherein the first end is connected to a feed of the antenna structure, and wherein a controllable component is provided in series with the antenna element, the controllable component being configured to change one or more characteristica of the antenna structure.
the present invention refers to a security system for a data network and for terminal devices coupled to the data network, the network comprising a network topology of a plurality of network nodes which are interconnected with each other, the security system being built-up hierarchically and implemented in the data network and comprising at least:- at least one network edge node (110) of the data network which is configured to extract and/or to generate traffic profiles from data traffic within the data network;- at least one first level analysis node (120) being connected to the at least one network edge node (110) and configured to receive the traffic profiles of the data traffic, to apply a learning algorithm to the traffic profiles, to store the learned traffic profiles locally and to forward at least some of the learned profiles which have become firmly established, to at least one second level analysis node (130),- the at least one second level analysis node (130) being connected to the at least one first level analysis node (120) and to at least one first logically centralized entity (140) and configured to receive the learned profiles from the at least one first level analysis node (120);- the at least one first logically centralized entity (140) which is configured to store rules which assign certain traffic profiles to respective actions, respectively, and to distribute, when the at least one second level analysis node (130) receives with a preconfigured frequency one of the certain traffic profiles from the at least one first level analysis node, the respective rules to the at least one second level analysis node (130) which forwards the respective rules to the at least one first level analysis node (120) for triggering execution of at least one action assigned to the received one of the certain traffic profiles.
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a method for forming a fefet device, the method comprising:forming a layer stack on a gate structure, the layer stack including a ferroelectric layer and a sacrificial stressor layer, wherein the sacrificial stressor layer is formed subsequent to forming the ferroelectric layer,subjecting the layer stack to a heat treatment to cause a phase transition in the ferroelectric layer,subsequent to the heat treatment, replacing the sacrificial stressor layer by a two-dimensional material channel layer, andforming a source contact and a drain contact in contact with the 2d material channel layer.
the present invention relates to a novel two-component composition comprising acetylsalicylic acid (asa) and a salt of phosphoric acid which is particularly useful in providing an aqueous solution of asa for immediate peroral administration.
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a method for manufacturing a fluid sensor device comprising: bonding a silicon-on-insulator arrangement comprising a silicon wafer, a buried oxide, a silicon layer, and a first dielectric layer, to a cmos arrangement comprising a metallization layer and a planarized dielectric layer, wherein the bonding is performed via the first dielectric layer and the planarized dielectric layer; forming a fin-fet arrangement in the silicon layer, wherein the fin-fet arrangement is configured to function as a fluid sensitive fin-fet arrangement; removing the buried oxide and the silicon wafer; forming a contact to the metallization layer and the fin-fet arrangement, wherein the contact comprises an interconnecting structure configured to interconnect the metallization layer and the fin-fet arrangement; forming a channel comprising an inlet and an outlet, wherein the channel is configured to allow a fluid comprising an analyte to contact the fin-fet arrangement.
in a first aspect, the present invention relates to a nanopore field-effect transistor sensor (100), comprisingi. a source region (310) and a drain region (320), defining a source-drain axis;ii. a channel region (330) between the source region (310) and the drain region (320);iii. a nanopore (400) through the channel region (330), oriented at an angle to the source-drain axis, having a first orifice (410) and a second orifice (420), and being adapted for creating a non-linear potential profile between the first (410) and second (420) orifice.
a printed circuit board inspection apparatus (100) obtains measurement shape information about each of a plurality of solder pastes printed on a first printed circuit board through a plurality of apertures and aperture shape information about each of the plurality of apertures, obtains probability values that a first solder paste printed through a first aperture of the plurality of apertures and each of a plurality of second solder pastes printed through second apertures other than the first aperture of the plurality of apertures have the measurement shape information when the first solder paste and the plurality of second solder pastes are printed on the first printed circuit board, by applying the measurement shape information and the aperture shape information to a machine-learning based model, and detects whether an anomaly in the first solder paste occurred based on the probability values.
a signal post-processing method is described, wherein a time-and-value-discrete signal is read from a memory (12) by a signal post-processing circuit (10) wherein a resolution bandwidth and a frequency range of the time-and-value-discrete signal are predetermined. a window filter is applied to the time-and-value-discrete signal. the window filtered time-and-value-discrete signal is transformed to a full-bandwidth frequency-domain signal. a sub-band is selected from the full-bandwidth frequency-domain signal by a selection unit (30) wherein the rest is discarded by the selection unit (30). further, a signal post-processing circuit (10) as well as an oscilloscope are described.
according to an aspect of the present inventive concept there is provided a method for fabrication of an ion trap, the method comprising:forming, on a first main surface of a first semiconductor wafer, a first electrode structure,forming, on a first main surface of a second semiconductor wafer, a second electrode structure,forming a first cavity part extending through the first semiconductor wafer from a second main surface thereof towards the first electrode structure,forming a second cavity part extending through the second semiconductor wafer from a second main surface thereof towards the second electrode structure, andbonding together the first semiconductor wafer and the second semiconductor wafer with the second main surface of the first semiconductor wafer facing the second main surface of the second semiconductor wafer and with the first cavity part and the second cavity part being aligned to together define an ion cavity, wherein the first electrode structure and the second electrode structure are arranged on opposite sides of the ion cavity.
drug delivery device comprising a suction pump (2) and a liquid drug container (4), the container comprising a tubular container wall (8) extending from an outlet (10) fluidly connected to the suction pump (2) and a rear open end within which a plunger (6) is inserted, the plunger comprising an elastic sealing plug (12) with sealing ring lips (22) compressed against an inner surface of the tubular container wall hermetically sealing a liquid drug within the container. the plunger further comprises a rigid support body (14), the rigid support body comprising a plug insert portion (24) comprising a head portion (28) mounted within an inner cavity (20) of the elastic sealing plug (12) and a trailing end portion (26) extending rearwardly from the head portion (28) and comprising at least one guide rim (32) having a radial guide surface (44) slidably engaging the container wall. the at least one guide rim (32) extends up to a distance (l) from a front wall portion (16) of the elastic sealing plug (12) of at least 80% of an overall outer diameter (d) of the plunger.
a printed circuit board inspection apparatus (100) generates at least one image indicating whether an anomaly associated with a plurality of solder pastes printed on a first printed circuit board is detected, if an anomaly in at least one solder paste of the plurality of solder pastes is detected by using an image of the first printed circuit board, obtains at least one value indicating relevance between at least one fault type and the generated at least one image, using the machine-learning based model, and determines a fault type associated with the at least one solder paste in which the anomaly is detected from at least one fault type, based on the obtained at least one value.
the present invention relates to a novel two-component composition comprising acetylsalicylic acid (asa) and a salt of carbonic acid which is particularly useful in providing an aqueous solution of asa for immediate peroral administration.
the present invention relates in a first aspect to a metallic sample holder (1), in particular for capturing sample volumes for digital polymerase chain detection. the sample holder (1) comprises an array of indentations (10), wherein each indentation (11) is adapted to capture a maximal sample volume vmax, with vmax = 2 nl, in particular with vmax = 1 nl, in particular with vmax = 0.8 nl . each indentation (11) of the array (10) has an area cross-section section a, with a ≤ 8*10-3 mm2, in particular with a ≤ 5*10-3 mm2. a second aspect of the invention relates to a method for manufacturing the sample holder (1). a third aspect of the invention relates to an apparatus (200), in particular for polymerase chain reaction detection, adapted for receiving the metallic sample holder (1). a fourth aspect of the invention relates to the use of the sample holder (1) by means of the apparatus (200).
the present disclosure provides an optical tracking system for tracking a location and a posture of a marker. the marker is attachable to a target and configured so that a pattern surface formed inside the marker is visible through an optical system formed in an aperture. the system includes a processor configured to determine the posture of the marker based on a first image in which a part of the pattern surface viewed through the aperture is captured at an infinite focal length, and to determine the location of the marker based on a second image and a third image in which outgoing lights emitted through the aperture in different directions are captured at a focal length shorter than the infinite focal length.
the present invention provides a composite core yarn comprising at least two conductive filaments (13, 14) as a core and a cover layer (10) which encapsulates the core. for providing a adaptable composite core yarn, the cover layer (10) comprises staple fibers. a woven fabric comprising the composite core yarn as well as an article of clothing comprising the composite core yarn is provided together with a method of producing the composite core yarn and a description of different utilizations of the composite core yarn in different applications is likewise provided.
the disclosure relates to an automation control system (100) for wirelessly controlling a machine function of remote machine (121, 131), the automation control system (100) comprising: a base station (101); and a remote control receiver (111, 113) being arranged spaced apart from the base station (101); the base station (101) being configured to transmit a control signal for controlling the machine function using a transmission beam (103, 105, 107, 109) that is spatially directed towards the remote control receiver according to a mobile communications technology; and wherein the control receiver (111, 113) comprises a communication interface (115, 125) being configured to receive the transmission beam (103, 105, 107, 109), a processor (117, 127) being configured to extract a received version of the control signal from the received transmission beam, and an electrical interface (119, 129) which is connectable with an electrical interface of the machine for controlling the machine function of the machine (121, 131) upon the basis of the received version of the control signal.
the invention relates to an automation control system (100) for wirelessly controlling a safety function of remote machine (121), the automation control system (100) comprising: a base station (101) being configured to transmit a control signal for controlling the safety function using a first transmit signal (103) of a first safety channel, and to transmit the control signal using a second transmit signal (105) of a second safety channel, the base station (101) being configured to transmit the first transmit signal (103) and the second transmit signal (105) according to a mobile communications technology; and a control receiver (111) being arranged spaced apart from the base station (101), the control receiver (111) comprising a communication interface (115) being configured to receive the first transmit signal (103) and the second transmit signal (105), a processor (117) being configured to extract a first received version of the control signal from the first received transmit signal, to extract a second received version of the control signal from the second received transmit signal, and an electrical interface (119) which is connectable with an electrical interface of the machine for controlling the safety function of the machine (121) upon the basis of the first received version of the control signal and the second received version of the control signal.
the invention relates to a multiple-in multiple-out (mimo) base station antenna (100) for handling beamforming communications towards areas that are below and above the base station antenna, the base station antenna comprising: an antenna mounting frame (101) an elongated base portion (103) and a tilted base portion (105) extending from the elongated base portion (103), wherein the tilted base portion (105) has a first planar surface (107) and a second planar surface (109), the first planar surface (107) and the second planar surface (109) facing away from each other, wherein the first planar surface (107) is directed downwardly and wherein the second planar surface (109) is directed upwardly; a first array of antenna elements (111) arranged on or within the first planar surface (107), the first array of antenna elements (111) being configured for generating a downward transmission beam; and a second array of antenna elements (113) arranged on or within the second planar surface (109), the second array of antenna elements (113) being configured for generating an upward transmission beam.
an apparatus comprising: means for determining a probability by combining at least: a probability that an event is present within a current feature of interest given a first set of previous features of interest, and a probability that the event is present within the current feature of interest given a second set of previous features of interest, different to the first set of previous features of interest; means for detecting the event based on the determined probability; and means for controlling, in dependence on the detection of the event, performance of an action.
a method, an apparatus and a computer program are provided. the method comprises defining a first mapping that maps a virtual space to a real space; using a tracked real point of view of a user in the real space and the first mapping to determining a virtual point of view of the user within the virtual space defined by the user's virtual location and virtual orientation; causing rendering to the user of at least part of a virtual scene determined by the virtual point of view of the user within the virtual space, while the virtual space is mapped to the real space using the first mapping; altering, based on a grasp and move gesture performed by the user on a virtual location in the virtual space that differs from the virtual location partially defining the user's virtual point of view, the mapping of the virtual space to the real space from the first mapping to a second mapping; using a tracked real point of view of the user in the real space and the second mapping to determine a virtual point of view of the user within the virtual space defined by the user's virtual location and virtual orientation; and causing rendering to the user of at least part of a virtual scene determined by the virtual point of view of the user within the virtual space, while the virtual space is mapped to the real space using the second mapping.
it is provided a duplex stainless steel for use in a urea production plant and/or in a urea production process, containing in weight percentage (%w): c 0,03 or less; si 0,5 or less; mn 2,5 or less; cr from more than 30,0 to 35,0; ni from 5,5 to 8,0; co from 0,01 to 0,8; mo from 2,0 to 2,5; w 2,5 or less; n from 0,3 to 0,6; cu 1,0 or less; and having one or more of: ca 0,0040 or less; mg 0,0040 or less; one or more rare-earth elements in a total amount of 0,1 or less; the balance being fe and impurities; and satisfying the relationship: z = 1,062 (ni+co) + 4,185 mo is between 14,95 and 19,80.
the invention relates to a dual purpose base station antenna (100) for handling beamforming communications and non-beamforming communications in a communication cell, the dual purpose base station antenna comprising: an antenna mounting frame (102); a first array of antenna elements (101) arranged on the antenna mounting frame (102), the first array of antenna elements (101) being capable of generating a radio frequency transmission signal for non-beamforming communications; and a second array of antenna elements (103) attached to the antenna mounting frame (102), the second array of antenna elements (103) being capable of generating a transmission beam for beamforming communications, wherein the second array of antenna elements (103) at least partially intermeshes with the first array of antenna elements (101).
a scrubber (232) includes an upper section (240) including a first end (248) having a first surface area, where the upper section (240) includes at least one spray bank (202) configured to spray a scrubbing liquid. further, the scrubber (232) includes a lower section (246) coupled to the upper section (240) and including an inlet (254) configured to receive flue gas from an exhaust unit (206) and a baffle section (250) coupled to the inlet (254) and configured to receive the flue gas from the inlet (254) and convey the received flue gas towards the at least one spray bank (202) in the upper section (240), where the baffle section (250) and the inlet (254) are positioned within a determined surface area for a relatively compact configuration of the scrubber (232), and where the determined surface area is less than or equal to the first surface area of the first end (248) of the upper section (240).
the invention provides methods and apparatus for video enhancement, the method comprising: receiving an input video; receiving a video container for the input video, wherein the video container comprises at least a first resolution; determining a second resolution from the video container; comparing the first resolution to the second resolution; determining a local contrast enhancement operation window size in dependence on the result of the comparison between the first resolution and the second resolution; and applying a local contrast enhancement algorithm to the input video.
the invention provides a digital signage display comprising: a display screen; a main board; a second component; and means for automatically moving the second component between a first position and a second position, wherein the display comprises connections for electrically coupling the second component to each of a power supply and a main board in each of the first position and the second position. the invention also provides an active board locating system for a digital signage display, a method for producing a digital signage display, and a method for controlling heat transfer within a digital signage display.
an apparatus comprising: a flexible strap having an exterior surface; a connection interface; one or more independent interior conductive interconnects, that extend within the flexible strap and are protected by at least the exterior surface of the flexible strap; at least a first movable sleeve covering a first portion of the flexible strap and movable along the flexible strap; and at least a first sensor attached to the first movable sleeve and electrically connected to the connection interface via at least one of the one or more independent interior conductive interconnects.
the computation efficiency of distributed secure implementation of the computation of a (sum of) products of values vi, wi from different servers on a distributed computing system is improved by generation of coefficients of a first polynomial and second polynomial by a first server. the first polynomial p has all numbers xi from a first data set on the first server as roots. the second polynomial q has values q(xi)=vi for the numbers xi from the first data set. the first device transmits coefficients of the first and second polynomial p, q to a second server in encrypted form. the second sever computes encrypted values <p(xi')> and <q(xi')> of the first and second polynomial p, q for a number xi' in a second set from the encrypted coefficients. the second server uses a secure multiparty equality protocol to compute an encrypted binary value <di> from the encrypted value <p(xi') of the first polynomial p, having a first and second binary value when the value p(xi) of the first polynomial p is zero and not zero respectively. the second server uses a secure multiparty multiplication protocol to compute an encrypted value of a product <di q(xi') wi > and the second server may compute a sum encrypted sum of the products from the encrypted product <di q(xi') wi > computed for all of the numbers xi' and associated values wi from the second set.
optical blood pressure measurement system (1) comprising an optical image acquisition system (4) and an acquisition system setup module (6), the image acquisition system comprising a camera (10) capable of capturing images of a pulsatile signal at a fingertip of a user. the image settings processing section comprises an image analysis section (14) configured to receive the sequence of images from the camera and to calculate metrics that are processed by the acquisition system setup section (16) to generate parameters for controlling the image acquisition system (4) configured to modify the quality of the pulsatile signal.
the invention relates to a method for observing an object (33) using a medical observation apparatus (1), such as a microscope (3), a non-transient computer readable storage medium (95) and a medical observation apparatus (1). solutions of the art are expensive, bulky and prevents further usage of a microscope (3) is e.g. a robotic arm has a malfunction. the inventive method and medical observation apparatus (1) solves those problems by directing an optical assembly (7) to an object (33) located in a field of view (31), and by keeping the object (33) in focus when the optical assembly (7) is manually shifted, essentially perpendicularly to a viewing axis (17) of the optical assembly (7). the inventive apparatus (1) comprises an optical assembly (7) providing an optical viewing axis (17) and a lens adjustment assembly (29) which is configured to direct the optical assembly (7) to the object (33) in dependence on position data (65).
the present invention relates to an electro-optical device comprising a vertical p-i-n diode waveguide (100), the device comprising a waveguide portion (900) adapted for propagating a multimode wave, the waveguide portion (900) comprising an intrinsic semiconductor region (510) of the vertical p-i-n diode, a first contact (810) and a second contact (820) for electrically contacting a first electrode (400) and a second electrode (520) of the vertical p-i-n diode. the device also comprises an input section (102) for coupling radiation into the waveguide portion (900) and an output section for coupling radiation out of the waveguide portion (900). the inlet section (102), the output section (104) and the waveguide portion (900) are being configured for inducing a multimode interference pattern for the multimode wave to form an optical field with a lateral inhomogeneous spatial distribution in the waveguide portion (900) comprising regions with higher optical field intensity and regions with lower optical field intensity, the second contact (820) physically contacting the second electrode in at least one region of the waveguide with lower optical field intensity.
the invention relates to a method of applying liquid (1), in particular one or more samples, to a substrate (2), comprising the steps of adhering an amount of the liquid (1) to an applicator surface (5), moving the applicator surface (5) towards the substrate (2) until the liquid (1) touches the substrate (2) and forms a capillary bridge (9) between the applicator surface (5) and the substrate (2), and moving the applicator surface (5) relative to the substrate (2) thus applying the liquid to the substrate (2).
a bone anchoring device is provided comprising:a receiving part (5) for coupling a rod (6) to a bone anchoring element (1), the receiving part (5) comprising a first end (5a), a second end (5b), a central axis (c) extending between the first end (5a) and the second end (5b), a recess (53) for receiving a rod (6), wherein by the recess (53) two open legs (53a, 53b) are formed and wherein the legs are configured to cooperate with a fixation element (9), and a head receiving portion (54) at the second end (5b) for pivotably holding a head (3) of a bone anchoring element (1), the head receiving portion (54) being at least partially flexible and having an opening at the second end (5b) for inserting the head; anda locking ring (8) mounted at least partially around the head receiving portion (54), wherein a rotational movement of the locking ring around the central axis (c) provides a force which causes the head receiving portion (54) to be compressed.
an apparatus comprising: circuitry configured to classify a signal; andcircuitry configured to control saving of the signal to a memory with a conditional resolution, wherein a signal that is classified as anomalous is saved at higher resolution as a higher resolution signal and a signal that is not classified as anomalous is saved at lower resolution as a lower resolution signal or is not saved.
an apparatus (1) for determining properties of a sample stream (2) carrying particles comprises a housing (3) having a housing inlet (4) and a housing outlet (5) through which the sample stream (2) enters and exits the housing (3). the apparatus (1) further comprises a particle filter (9b) with a first filter side (10) and an opposing second filter side (11). the particle filter (9b) is arranged in the housing (3) such that the sample stream (2) passes through the particle filter (9b) and the particles of the sample stream (2) are deposited on the first filter side (10). moreover, the apparatus (1) comprises an optical source (12) for emitting a light beam (14) a first part of which forming a probe beam (14a) that reaches the particles deposited on the first filter side (10) thereby being partly absorbed and/or deflected. a first optical detector (15a) is arranged to detect a remaining part of the probe beam (14a) having passed the particles on the first filter side (10). a computing unit (19) is adapted to compute a concentration of the particles in the sample stream (2) and/or a light absorption coefficient of the particles in the sample stream (2) using an output signal (s) generated by the first optical detector (15a).the optical source (12) is arranged such that it faces the second filter side (11) such that the probe beam (14a) reaches the second filter side (11) and the particles deposited on the first filter side (10) thereafter.
an expandable luggage includes a first case member (11), a second case member (12), and a flexible member (13) with opposite ends connected to the first and the second case member (12)s to form a chamber. the expandable luggage further includes a controller (20), which has a first member (30) fixed to the first case member (11), a second member (40) fixed to the second case member (12). the first member (30) is movably connected to the second member (40) to be moved between a first position and a second position. the first member (30) is engaged with the second member (40) when the first member (30) is moved to the first position. the chamber is narrowed when the first case member (11) is moved toward the second case member (12), and the controller (20) is locked automatically. the controller (20) further includes an unlocking device to be operated to disengage first member (30) with the second member (40) if the chamber is expanded.
the invention relates to a method of applying at least one sample, e.g. for imaging or diffraction experiments under cryogenic conditions, to a substrate (1), in particular a sample carrier, such as a film on a grid, comprising the steps of applying, in one or more steps, a liquid to the substrate (1) thus forming a liquid layer (5) on the substrate (1), and depositing the at least one sample into the liquid layer (5).
the present invention relates to a process for treatment of glass container or glass tableware.in particular it relates to a process for treatment of glass container comprising a cleaning or washing step and a step for applying a coating to the surface of the glass containers.more particularly the present invention relates to process for treatment of returnable glass container comprising a cleaning or washing step and a step for applying a coating to the surface of the glass containers.
the present invention relates to a coating composition for glass container.in particular it relates to a coating composition for returnable glass containers.the present invention relates to the use of an aqueous composition comprising a coating composition suitable for returnable glass container and its process of application.
there is provided an iv infusion set comprising a patient access configured to connect to a vascular system of a patient, a source of medical fluid, an infusion line having one first end configured to connect to the source of medical fluid and one opposite second end configured to deliver the medical fluid towards the patient access, an infusion apparatus arranged on the infusion line, a sensor configured to emit a pressure signal indicative of a pressure of a medical fluid in the infusion line, and a control unit configured to receive the pressure signal and to determine a patient signal indicative of a vital signal of the patient based on the pressure signal. the iv infusion set further comprises a compliance element configured to attenuate pressure variations of medical fluid the infusion line, and a resistance element configured to reflect pressure waves moving along the infusion line. the sensor is arranged on the infusion line at a position downstream from the resistance element with respect to a direction of fluid flow along the infusion line from the medical fluid source towards the patient access. the infusion line may include a main infusion line and/or one or more auxiliary infusion lines connected to a main infusion line.
the invention relates to a computer-implemented method for automated 3d root shape prediction comprising: a pre-processor receiving 3d data defining at least one 3d representation of a tooth and processing the 3d data, the processing including: transforming at least part of the 3d data into a voxel representation of a crown, the voxel representation defining a voxel space that fits the input space of a first 3d deep neural network executed on a computer; the pre-processor providing the voxel representation of the crown to the input of the 3d deep neural network, the 3d deep neural network being trained on the basis of clinical 3d data defining 3d representations of real teeth; the first 3d deep neural network generating a voxel representation of a predicted root or a complete tooth comprising the predicted root on the basis of the voxel representation of the crown, wherein the generation of the voxel representation of the predicted root or the complete tooth includes: determining voxel activations for voxels in a voxel space of the output of the 3d deep learning network, each voxel activation representing a probability measure defining the probability that a voxel is part of the root or the complete tooth; and, determining whether a voxel activation is part of the root or the complete tooth by comparing the voxel activation with a voxel activation threshold value.
a filtering plate (1) and a method for making the same and a filtering device having the same are provided. the filtering plate (1) includes: a plate body (10), integrally formed of metal as one piece; a plurality of holed units (20), each holed unit (20) penetrating the plate body (10) and including a big hole and a plurality of small holes (13) communicated with the big hole, the small hole (13) being formed by laser processing and having a first end (141) communicated with the big hole and a second end (142), the first end (141) being greater than the second end (142) in cross-sectional area.
exchangeable cartridge (3) for portion dispenser (1) arranged for storing and dispensing beverage items (8) for the preparation of beverages comprising:a tubular storage member (7) comprising an interior for accommodating a plurality of beverage items (8), comprising a closed end (9) and an open end (10) comprising an exit opening (11), a closure cap (14) adapted to connect in a removable manner to the tubular storage member (7) at the open end of the storage member and to be sealed through a removable complementary connection (15) of the storage member (7) and closure cap (14), wherein the closure cap (14) comprises a locking member (26), or respectively keying member, being arranged for complementarily fitting with a keying member (25), or respectively a locking member, of the portion dispenser (1) and for allowing the closure cap (14) to be removed from the tubular member (7) and to be reconnected to the tubular member (7).
the invention relates to a portion dispenser (2) for dispensing beverage items (8) from an exchangeable cartridge (3) comprising: a frame (4) with a receiving portion (5) for receiving the exchangeable cartridge, a discharge opening (6) next to the receiving portion (5) and sized for allowing a beverage item to be individually discharged by gravity from the exchangeable cartridge, a piston assembly (16) comprising a piston (19) and a piston housing (20) in which the piston is arranged for moving therein, wherein the piston (19) is arranged for providing a discharge chamber (23) for discharge of at least one beverage item therein and for transporting to a dispensing area (17) and wherein the piston assembly (16) is arranged for sealingly connecting with the exchangeable cartridge (3) and comprises means for opening the exchangeable cartridge to allow the discharge of the beverage item in the discharge chamber and for re-closing the exchangeable cartridge.
the present disclosure provides a gas-insulated high or medium voltage circuit breaker (100) including a first arcing contact (101) and a second arcing contact (103), wherein at least one of the two arcing contacts is axially movable including a first and a second state of motion along a switching axis (140), wherein during a breaking operation, an arc between the first arcing contact and the second arcing contact is formed in an arcing region; a nozzle (110) including a channel (112) directed to the arcing region, for blowing an arc-extinguishing gas to the arcing region during the breaking operation; a diffuser adjacent to the nozzle, for transporting the gas from the arcing region to a region downstream of the diffuser; a buffer volume (170) directly downstream of the diffuser, and an enclosure (120) substantially surrounding the buffer volume (170) circumferentially, wherein the enclosure includes an inner enclosure portion (123) and a coaxially arranged outer enclosure portion (121), wherein at least one of the inner portion and the outer portion is movable relative to the other one; and a first aperture (127) provided on a surface of the inner enclosure portion and a second aperture (125) provided on a surface of the outer enclosure portion, such that a through opening is providable through the enclosure (120), wherein in the first state of motion during a breaking operation the through opening is blocked, as to prevent the gas from being released from the buffer volume (170) to a volume outside (180) of the enclosure (120); and in the second state of motion, the first aperture (127) and the second aperture (125) overlap, such that the overlap of the first aperture and the second aperture provides the through opening for the gas to be partially released from the buffer volume (170) to the volume outside (180) of the enclosure.
the present disclosure provides a gas-insulated high or medium voltage circuit breaker including a first arcing contact (101) and a second arcing contact (103), wherein at least one of the two arcing contacts is axially movable along a switching axis (140), wherein during a breaking operation, an arc (130) between the first arcing contact and the second arcing contact is formed in an arcing region; a nozzle (110) including a channel (112) directed to the arcing region, for blowing an arc-extinguishing gas to the arcing region during the breaking operation; a diffuser portion (114) adjacent to the nozzle, for transporting the gas from the arcing region to a region downstream of the diffuser portion; a buffer volume (170) directly downstream of the diffuser portion (114); an enclosure (120) confined within a housing (105) of the circuit breaker, wherein the enclosure substantially surrounds the buffer volume (170) circumferentially; and a buffer dividing member (150) connected to the diffuser portion (114) as to divide the buffer volume into a first and a second buffer sub-volume (171, 173), wherein the buffer dividing member has one or more apertures (152) allowing a flow of gas between the first and the second buffer sub-volume (171, 173) through the buffer dividing member.
a carrier includes a main body, a sliding groove, and a positioning assembly. the positioning assembly is used to quickly fold a main rod and a connecting rod of the main body so as to fold the carrier as possible.
an exterior aircraft light (12, 13, 14, 20) comprises at least one switchable illumination circuit (33). each of the at least one switchable illumination circuits (33) comprises at least one light source (34), a temperature detector (38) configured for detecting the temperature of the at least one light source (34) and providing a temperature signal, an electric switch (36) for selectively switching power flow to the at least one light source (34) on and off, and a control circuit (39) which is coupled to the temperature detector (38) and to the electric switch (36). the control circuit (39) is configured for driving the electric switch (36) based on the temperature signal provided by the temperature detector (38) to repeatedly switch power flow to the at least one light source (34) on and off.
the invention relates to a method for diagnosis and/or maintenance of a transportation system, said transportation system having at least one transportation device and a remote monitoring unit being remote from said transportation device, said transportation device having a control board for controlling and/or monitoring a function of said transportation device, and a local control unit for controlling said and/or monitoring said control board, said method comprising:- detecting raw data connected to said at least one function at said control board and/or said local control unit;- generating condition information and/or performance information based on said raw data at said control board and/or said local control unit;- calculating statistics information based on said condition information and/or performance information at said local control unit;- buffering said condition information and/or performance information and/or statistics information at said local control unit;- transmitting said condition information and/or performance information and/or statistics information to said remote monitoring unit, at predetermined and/or adaptive time intervals;- processing said condition information and/or performance information and/or statistics information at said remote monitoring unit, for establishing a service need condition; and- transmitting said service need condition selectively to the local control unit and/or a mobile service unit.another aspect of the invention is a computer program realizing the method.
systems and methods of treating an inorganic particulate material with an antimicrobial agent are discussed, including: introducing the inorganic particulate material and water to an air swept dryer; introducing the antimicrobial agent to the air swept dryer; and at least partially drying, and optionally at least partially pulverizing, the inorganic particulate material in the presence of the antimicrobial agent forming a treated inorganic particulate material, wherein at least a portion of the antimicrobial agent is exchanged onto and/or into the surface of the treated inorganic particulate material.
a computer-implemented control system (10) for generating control signals for controlling one or more remotely-located interaction units (18) via a wide-area communications network (22) is described. the control system (10) comprises: a request interface processor (30) for receiving a request (230) for a control signal of a requested control parameter (238) (rcp) relating to a specified environmental requirement (ser) (216a, 240) from one of the one or more remotely-located interaction units (18a-d); the request including: a current value of the rcp (238), a specified value of the ser (240); and current values of one or more local environmental parameters (local cers) (216b, 216c, 242, 244) related to the ser (216a, 240); wherein a current value of the ser (216a, 240) can be calculated from the current values of the rcp (238) and the one or more local cers (242, 244) of the one or more remotely-located interaction units (18a-d); a parameter calculation system (36) for processing the request (230) received at the request interface processor (30) in accordance with predefined rules (11a) and to generate the control signal concerning the rcp (238); and a transmitter (40) for transmitting the generated control signal to a requesting remotely-located interaction unit (18a-d), wherein the parameter calculation system (36) comprises: a classification engine (92) for classifying a plurality of current external environmental parameters (external cers) (190a-c) associated with the remotely-located interaction unit (18a-d) into a single external cer parameter (202a-c); and a parameter calculation processor (94) arranged to: calculate the current value of the ser (200a-e) by applying the rules (11a) to the current value of the rcp (238) and the current values of the one or more local cers (242, 244) of the one or more remotely-located interaction units(18a-d); categorise the current value of the ser (200a-e) with the value of the single external cer parameter (202a-c) to determine the effect of the plurality of current external cers (190a-c) on the current value of the ser; compare the categorised current value of the ser with the specified value of the ser (216a, 240) and depending on classification of a degree of difference between the current and specified values of the ser (216a, 240), to select a corresponding predetermined action to adjust the value of the rcp (238) to make the current value of the ser and the specified value of the ser equivalent; and using the selected predetermined action to form the control signal to adjust the current value of the rcp for the requesting remotely-located interaction unit (18a-d) to meet the specified value of the ser.
in a video streaming system, latency between decoding of video frames and rendering of these video frames on a display is reduced. a video encoding frame rate is obtained for a received video stream. display supported refresh rates are obtained from the display. among the display supported refresh rates a refresh rate is selected that is a multiple of the video encoding frame rate. the selected refresh rate is transmitted to the display in a configuration command and the video frames are transmitted to the display.
method for activating a feature of a chip (10) having an interface (20) comprising at least two power pins (gnd, vcc). the method comprises the following steps:- the chip measures a series of voltage values between said power pins,- the chip detects a series of sync signals different from clock signals, said sync signals being interleaved with said voltage values,- the chip identifies a data sequence from said series of voltage values, andthe chip activates the feature only if the data sequence matches a predefined pattern
the present invention relates to a process according to a process for preparing a film on a substrate comprising the steps of:- setting a permeable substrate in a rotative drum,- rotating the drum, and- spraying at least a first liquid containing an adsorbing or chemisorbing component(s) (lcacc) and at least a second lcacc onto the substrate,wherein at least a first lcacc and/or at least a second lcacc is sprayed onto the substrate while the drum is rotated thereby sequentially depositing the first lcacc and the second lcacc to form a layer pair and preferably repeating said spraying to deposit several layer pairs
an antenna arrangement (20) comprising a conductive element (21) configured to resonate at and above a chosen electromagnetic radiation frequency (f0) corresponding to a fundamental resonant mode. the conductive element (21) is folded to make coupling areas (22, 23) intended to shift one or more of the resonant frequencies (3f0, 5f0, 7f0...) of the higher resonant modes. each coupling area (22, 23) is defined related to the set (f'0, f'1..., f'n) of resonant frequencies according to which the antenna is supposed to work, and is formed by positioning parts of the conductive element (21) facing each other. the location, along the conductive element (21), of the parts of that conductive element intended to form a given coupling area (22, 23) as well as the length of these parts and as the width of the gap between them when the coupling area is formed, are determined so as to provide a given increase or decrease of the resonant frequency of a given resonant mode of the conductive element (21).
a flow-limiting device 24 for controlling the distribution of products 28, to be fitted into a neck 18 of a container for such products comprises a flow-limiting part 32, and a sealing part 34 wherein the flow-limiting part consists of an active material and comprises a dispensing opening 36. the sealing part is made of a polymer material different to the material of the flow-limiting part. the sealing part is adapted to form a moisture-tight seal with the neck 18 of the container.
method for controlling an installation for converting hydraulic energy into electrical energy comprising a hydraulic machine operated in turbine mode,said hydraulic machine being linked to a generator by a shaft,the installation comprising first connection means connecting a static frequency converter and the generator, second connection means connecting the static frequency converter and the grid, and third connection means connecting the generator and the grid, characterized in that said method comprises the steps of:detecting partial load operation of the hydraulic machine; andupon detection of partial load operation, switching first connection means and second connection means to a conducting state, switching third connection means to a non-conducting state, commanding the static frequency converter to reduce the rotation speed of the hydraulic machine.
the present disclosure relates to a method including:- building a video composed stream as a function of a presence of at least one person in at least one first video frame acquired by a near end device during a video call between said near-end device and at least one far-end device, and/or of an acquired audio level associated to said first video frame;- transmitting said video composed stream to said far-end device.the content of the built video composed stream transmitted to the near-end device is thus depending on the presence of a person in the frame captured by the near-end device and on an associated audio level.the present disclosure also relates to the corresponding computer program computer, computer readable storage medium, server, system and device.
the present invention relates to a device for interacting with vessel images, the device (14) comprising: an interface unit (22); a processing unit (20); wherein the interface unit (22) comprises: a display (21); and an input setup (23); wherein the display (21) is configured to display a vessel image (24); wherein the input setup (23) is configured to receive a user input in relation to the vessel image (24); wherein the processing unit (20) is configured to: determine, for at least one vessel (26) in the vessel image (24), a vessel contour (30); determine, from the user input, an identifier position (36) in the vessel image (24); indicate at least a portion (38) of the vessel contour (30) in the vessel image (24), if the determined identifier position (36) is spaced apart from the vessel contour (30) by a distance (37) within a predefined distance range; determine, from the user input, a drag direction (42); and move the indicated portion (38) along the vessel contour (30) based on the determined drag direction (42).
the invention relates to a method for analyzing facial features of a person, comprising the steps of:- acquiring a picture of the face of the person,- delimiting, on the picture, at least two zones of the face of the person,- processing the picture to determine contrast values of each of the at least two zones,- based on the determined contrast values, determining a cluster to which the person pertains among a plurality of pre-established clusters,wherein the pre-established clusters are elaborated based on a set of contrast values determined for the same zones of the faces of a reference population in respective pictures of the faces, and- providing the person with personalized information, wherein the personalized information depends on the cluster to which the person pertains.
the invention relates to a method for matching a first entity requesting energy with at least one energy producer, implemented by an energy broker in a telecommunications network, and comprising :- receiving (201) a request for energy from a first entity, said energy request comprising at least one attribute comprising at least an amount of energy to be provided in an energy exchange;- retrieving (204, 205), from at least one social network, data relating to a plurality of energy producers ;- based on metrics applied to the attribute comprised in the energy request and to the data retrieved from the social network, selecting (206) at least one energy producer matching the request for energy, so that the selected energy producer provides the amount of energy to be provided in the energy exchange.
the present disclosure relates to flexible porous implant fixation systems.
the invention relates to a method for controlling by a server (201) called secure server the use of a first set of at least one data element of a data owner and provided by a communication device (200), the method comprising the steps of: receiving (204) at least one digital signature representative of a process authorized by the data owner and adapted to carry out a series of at least one instructions using the first set of at least one data element; receiving (209) from a process entity (202) the series of at least one instruction, and a ciphered version of the first set of at least one data element which is communicated to the process entity (202) by the communication device (200); verifying that the series of at least one instruction correspond to a process authorized by the data owner of the communication device by comparing the at least one digital signature received (204) by the secure server (201) with a digital signature obtained by the secure server (201) using as an input the series of at least one instruction received by the secure server (201); and if the series of at least one instruction correspond to an authorized process: deciphering the first set of at least one data element; generating a result data by executing the series of at least one instruction using the first set of at least one data element as an input; transmitting the result data to the process server (202).
provided herein is an improved polarized eyewear with selective light wavelength blocking and a method of making such polarized eyewear.
the invention concerns a device and the associated method for detecting spoofing of gnss signals. the device comprises:- an rf chain (311) to acquire and down convert a signal comprising one or more gnss signals transmitted by gnss sources, each of said gnss signals comprising a navigation message modulated by a spreading code associated to a related gnss source,- an analog to digital converter, to digitize the down converted signal, and- a computer logic (312), to:∘ calculate over a grid of spreading code phase delays and doppler shifts, cross-correlation functions between said digitized signal and locally generated replicas of the signal, for one or more of said spreading codes,∘ identify cross-correlation peaks, and∘ analyze the cross-correlation peaks to detect spoofing situations.  
a defrosting system includes an rf signal source, two electrodes proximate to a cavity within which a load to be defrosted is positioned, a transmission path between the rf signal source and the electrodes, and an impedance matching network electrically coupled along the transmission path between the output of the rf signal source and the electrodes. the system also includes power detection circuitry coupled to the transmission path and configured to detect reflected signal power along the transmission path. a system controller is configured to modify, based on the reflected signal power, a value of a variable passive component of the impedance matching network to reduce the reflected signal power. the impedance matching network may be a single-ended network or a double-ended network.
embodiments of an rf amplifier include a transistor (120, 220) with a control terminal and first and second current carrying terminals, and a shunt circuit coupled between the first current carrying terminal and a ground reference node. the shunt circuit is an output pre-match impedance conditioning shunt circuit, which includes a first shunt inductance (134, 234, 434), a second shunt inductance (135, 135', 235 435, 935, 935'), and a shunt capacitor (142, 142', 342, 442) coupled in series. the first shunt inductance (134, 234, 434) comprises a plurality of bondwires coupled between the first current carrying terminal and the second shunt inductance (135, 135', 235 435, 935, 935'), and the second shunt inductance (135, 135', 235 435, 935, 935') comprises an integrated inductor coupled between the first shunt inductance (134, 234, 434) and a first terminal of the shunt capacitor (142, 142', 342, 442). the shunt capacitor (142, 142', 342, 442) is configured to provide capacitive harmonic control of an output of the transistor (120, 220).
the present invention describes the identification of two cancer sub-groups based on their bioenergetics status: high mitochondrial respiration (ox+) and low mitochondrial respiration (ox-). advantageously, it has been discovered that inhibition of the mitochondrial trifunctional protein (mtp) altered high mitochondrial respiration (ox+) tumor growth in vitro and in vivo.hence, the present invention relates to mtp inhibitor for use in the treatment of high mitochondrial respiration (ox+) cancers. it has also been established that high mitochondrial respiration (ox+) cancer cells use an energy source other than glucose such as fatty acids for their growth, survival and resistance to treatments or activation of metastatic processes. these cancers are hence high fatty-acid oxidation dependent (fao+) cancers. the present invention thus also relates to mtp inhibitor or use in the treatment of high mitochondrial respiration (ox+) cancers and high fatty-acid oxidation (fao+) cancers. it has also been determined that mtp expression in tumors allows determining the prognosis of a subject suffering from high mitochondrial respiration (ox+) cancers.
a method implemented by computer means for determining at least one optical parameter of a lens of eyewear adapted for a person, the method comprising:- an image reception step, during which at least a first image and a second image are received, the first image comprising a front view of the face of the person with at least one part of an eye of the person being directly visible, and the second image comprising a front view of the face of the person with said part of the eye of the person being visible through at least part of the lens, and- an optical parameter determination step, during which at least one optical parameter of the lens is determined based on a comparison between said part on the first and the second image.
the present invention relates generally to the field of high dynamic range (hdr) imaging and addresses the way of expanding the dynamic range of low dynamic range images. the invention concerns a method comprising the steps of:- obtaining a predetermined expansion exponent map (e(p)) for said image (i);- determining, for each pixel (p) of the image (i), an expanded luminance value (yexp(p)) by performing an exponentiation with an expansion exponent value determined from said predetermined expansion exponent map (e(p)) on a luminance value (y(p)) of said pixel (p). according to the invention, the method further comprises the steps of- calculating, for said pixel (p) of the image (i), an expansion correcting value (pbrightmbright(p)) by using a modulating function (mbright(p)) that takes as input a value ybasep255 representative of the luminance of said pixel (p) and is an increasing function whose increase is higher for higher input values;- subtracting said expansion correcting value (pbrightmbright(p)) from the expansion exponent value (e(p)) of the predetermined expansion exponent map (e(p)).
in order to reduce the cost of the gateways as well as to ease the management and administration of the gateways, the execution of the network functions is deported in commodity servers under physical and logical control of the isps. in the vcpe model, the traffic transmitted from/intended to a gateway goes through a middlebox server or network device performing, among other functions, a nat function and a firewall function on the data packets continuing the traffic transmitted from/intended to the gateway. for reliability, each master middlebox server is seconded by a slave middlebox server which replicates traffic handled by the master middlebox server. such a solution is costly and not sustainable. the invention provides a method for remotely performing a network function by a processing unit associated to one processor core of a multicore processor embedded in a network device.
the present invention concerns non-aqueous gel writing ink comprising a solvent, a coloring agent and a gelling agent, wherein the gelling agent is a mixture of silica particles and of a fatty acid amide wax.it also concerns the process of preparation of the non-aqueous gel writing ink and the use of a mixture of silica particles and of a fatty acid amide wax, as a gelling agent in a non-aqueous gel writing ink. it finally concerns a writing instrument containing the ink according to the present invention.
the invention is a method for accessing a vehicle (20) comprising a user interface (21), wherein- in response to triggering of the user interface, a transmitter (22) starts broadcasting a signal comprising a one-time uwb mac address enciphered with a first key (kb) and a first uwb transmitter (23) starts,- upon detection of the signal, an access device (10) deciphers the uwb mac address using the first key and starts a second uwb transmitter (13), then the second uwb transmitter establishes a uwb session with the first uwb transmitter using the one-time uwb mac address,- then the second uwb transmitter sends to the first uwb transmitter an access request comprising an access token computed from a second key (ka), the vehicle checks the received access token is genuine by using the second key and only in case of successful checking access to the vehicle is authorized.
the present disclosure describes a device such as a display device, comprising a power supply that uses temporal multiplexing of charging/supplying phases for a set of loads such as backlights. the multiplexing of the load is arranged so that the shape of the primary current is nearly sinusoidal for optimal power factor correction and so that the harmonics generated by the device on the mains are minimized. an algorithm determines a switching order of the plurality of loads over the plurality of switching periods by iterating over the switching periods and associating one of the loads to each of the switching period.
a multiplexed direct conversion circuit for providing power supply to a display by using a temporal multiplexing of charging/supplying phases for the backlighting elements that are grouped in a plurality of groups corresponding to different areas of the screen of the display. the power supply is time-multiplexed for each of the different groups according a brightness level of a display area for a current image, the display area corresponding to a group of backlight elements. the principles apply both to flyback and forward converters.
this invention relates to a method for communication between runtimes in a parallel computing environment, consisting in having a first runtime sending a message to a second runtime, wherein said second runtime exposes dynamically its state, so as to be able to receive said message as soon as said state is an idle state.
the present invention relates to the use of isooctane optionally in combination with oxygenate in gasoline composition to reduce the particulate emissions. the present invention also relates to the gasoline composition comprising isooctane and optionally oxygenates.
the present invention related to method for establishing a link between a device and a speaker in a network device having a microphone. it comprises:- capturing (110) a voice of said speaker by said microphone,- extracting first voice features (110) from the captured voice;- detecting (120), in ip traffic of the network device, at least one voice-related stream and determining an identifier, called device identifier, of a device generating said at least one voice-related stream,- extracting traffic features (130) from said at least one voice-related stream,- estimating (140) a correlation level between said first voice features and said traffic features,- if said correlation level is above a predetermined threshold (150), identifying (160) said speaker by associating an identifier, called speaker identifier, with said speaker, and establishing (170) a link between said device identifier and said speaker identifier.
the present invention relates to the use of celiprolol or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof for treating kyphoscoliotic ehlers-danlos syndrome.
the present invention relates to the use of celiprolol or a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof for treating vascular ehlers-danlos syndrome in women during pregnancy and peripartum period.
the present invention relates to the field of treatment of an orphan disease, in particular treatment of vascular ehlers-danlos syndrome (veds). more specifically, the present invention relates to novel up-titration dosage regimens (e.g., escalating dosage regimens) effective for treating veds patients with celiprolol.
control circuitry, an optical communication system, a wideband semiconductor optical amplifier and a method of progressively adding channels to the optical communication system are disclosed. the optical communication system is configured to transmit a plurality of channels in different wavebands as a wideband wavelength division multiplexed signal, and comprises at least one wideband semiconductor optical amplifier for amplifying the wideband signal. the method comprises: preferentially selecting from available channels that are not currently assigned to an input signal, one of the longer wavelength channels as a next channel to be added to the system.
head-mounted device (1) intended to be worn by a wearer,wherein the head-mounted device (1) is configured for the display and visualization, by the wearer, of virtual images,wherein said head-mounted device comprises:- at least one light source (11), and- at least one fourier hologram (12),wherein the light source (11) is configured for illuminating said fourier hologram (12), so as to cause visualization of at least one virtual image (15) by the wearer.
the present application relates to a circuit of a frequency divider arranged to divide a frequency of an input clock signal by odd integer n and a method of operating the circuit. a shift register comprises a number of n+1 clock gating cells, which are connected in series to each other, and a shift logic. an input clock signal is fed into clock signal inputs of each one of the number of n+1 clock gating cells. the shift logic is configured to receive enable signals from a set of the number of n+1 clock gating cells and to generate a feedback signal, which is supplied to a gate enable input of the first one of the number of n+1 clock gating cells. a multiplexer is configured to receive at input ports n+1 gated clock signals and to output a rotation clock signal, which has a frequency of 2/n of the frequency of the input clock signal. a frequency generator is configured to receive the rotation clock signal and to generate an output clock signal having a frequency of 1/n.
the present embodiments relate to a method and an apparatus for efficiently encoding and decoding video using multiple transforms. for example, a horizontal transform or a vertical transform may be selected from a set of transforms to transform prediction residuals of a current block of a video picture being encoded. in one example, the set of transforms includes: 1) only one transform with a constant lowest frequency basis function, 2) one or more transform with an increasing lowest frequency basis function, and 3) only one transform with a decreasing lowest frequency basis function. in one embodiment, the transform with a constant lowest frequency basis function is dct-ii, the transform with an increasing lowest frequency basis function is dst-vii (and dst-iv), and the transform with a decreasing lowest frequency basis function is dct-viii. at the decoder side, the corresponding inverse transforms are selected.
methods and apparatuses for video coding and decoding are provided. the method of video encoding includes accessing (1410) a bin of a syntax element associated with a block in a picture of a video, determining (1420) a context for the bin of the syntax element from a set of contexts associated with a block type of the block, the set of contexts including at least a first context and a second context, the second context being associated with a larger number of block types than the first context and entropy encoding (1430) the bin of the syntax element based on the determined context. a bitstream formatted to include encoded data, a computer-readable storage medium and a computer-readable program product are also described.
method for determining a refraction of at least an eye of a person under specific spectral conditions, the method comprising:- an eye illumination step, during which the eye of the person is illuminated under said specific spectral conditions, said specific spectral conditions being provided by a polychromatic source having a spectrum which is different from the spectrum of a white light source and/or by a chromatic filter positioned before the eye of the person and illuminated by a source, and- a refraction determination step during which the refraction of the eye of the person is determined under said specific spectral conditions.
the present invention relates to a novel process for the production of a copolyamide comprising a polymerization product of hexamethylene diamine, adipic acid and terephthalic acid.
the invention proposes a method for modelling age-related traits of a face, from a picture of the face, wherein the age-related traits are either wrinkles or age spots, the method comprising:- for each age-related trait of the face of the same nature, generating a vector comprising parameters of shape and appearance of the trait,- generating, from the generated vectors, a single representation vector modeling the age-related traits of the same nature in the face,wherein the single representation vector stores information regarding the number of traits in the face and joint probabilities, over the face, of the shape and appearance features of the traits.
the invention provides a method and system for controlling a control instrument of a simulation system reproducing a desired system, in response to a force applied onto said control instrument. the method allows detecting a force applied onto the control instrument by a pilot of the simulation system, and generating a force sensor signal representing the detected force; detecting a motion of the control instrument and generating motion parameters; generating a desired response force signal from the motion parameters, the desired response force signal representing the forces that would be exerted by the desired system to reproduce; generating a system response force signal from the force sensor signal and the motion parameters, the system response force signal representing the forces exerted by the behaviour of mechanical parts of the simulation system; generating a force sum signal from the desired response force signal, the system response force signal and the force sensor signal; and generating control signals from the force sum signal.
the invention notably relates to a computer-implemented method for 3d reconstruction. the method comprises providing a 3d point cloud representing a real object. the method also comprises fitting the 3d point cloud with parametric surfaces. the method also comprises defining a partition of the parametric surfaces into oriented facets which respect intersections between the parametric surfaces. the method also comprises determining, among the oriented facets of the partition, a set of facets that represents a skin of the real object. the determining comprises minimizing an energy. the energy includes a data term and a constraint term. the data term increasingly penalizes discarding facets, as a level of fit between a discarded facet and the 3d point cloud increases. the constraint term penalizes formation of non-skin geometry by kept facets.such a method provides an improved solution for 3d reconstruction.
the invention relates to a method for metal ion detection in aqueous solutions, in particular silver or mercury, using nucleolipid compounds, and to new nucleolipid compounds which can be used in said method.
the invention relates to an in vitro catalytic process for the regioselective aromatic hydroxylation of a hydroxyphenyl compound of formula (i)wherein r is selected from the group consisting of c3-c6 hydroxyalkyl groups, c1-c6 hydroxycarboxyalkyl groups and alkoxycarbonyl groups of formula - coor1, wherein r1 is a c1-c6 alkyl group, said process comprising contacting in an aerobic aqueous and cell-free reaction medium said hydroxyphenyl compound with a hpab monooxygenase in presence of (i) a flavin compound selected from fad, fmn and mixtures thereof, (ii) a hpac or fre flavin reductase and (iii) a reducing agent being selected from a nadh compound or a nadph compound.
an apparatus (1) comprising a cuff configured to be worn around an upper arm of a user (75), a first sensor (s1) comprised in the cuff and configured to receive sounds through a side of the chest of the user, and a second sensor (s2) configured to receive sounds and to be movable with regard to the cuff and configured to be placed at a front side of the user's chest and used in conjunction with the first sensor.
the movements and interactions of mobile physical entities such as vehicles, individuals and so on in a physical space can be monitored and controlled by providing a graphical representation of the physical space including an indication of a position of a mobile entity with respect to a region associated with a reference point in the physical space where the indication is situated at a distance from the reference point where the distance is proportional to the predicted time of arrival of the entity in the region. on this basis, mobile entities are shown in the order of expected arrival, rather than their instantaneous physical location, supporting more rapid assimilation of anticipated arrivals and traffic conditions.
the present invention relates to methods for producing mixtures comprising noble metal and phyllomineral, and compositions obtained from said methods.
the machine (100) comprises:- a first feeder (112), able to unwind a first tape (31);- a profiler apparatus (110) comprising an upstream profiling stage (122a to 122g) able to profile the first tape (31) to form a pre-profiled first tape (31);- a second feeder (114), able to unwind a second tape (48), the second tape (48) being a flat tape;the profiler apparatus (110) comprises:- an intermediate joining stage (124) able to receive the second tape (48) as a flat tape from the second feeder (114) and able to join the pre-formed first tape (31) and the flat second tape (48); and- at least a downstream profiling stage (126a to 126c) configured to jointly profile the first tape (31) and the second tape (48) received from the intermediate joining stage (124) and form a combined profiled strip (196).
a computer-implemented method for designing a tying bar enclosing a plurality of concrete-reinforcing bars in a 3d scene of a computer-aided design system, the method comprising the steps of:- a) providing the three-dimensional models of the concrete-reinforcing bars to be enclosed by the tying bar;- b) computing a set of traces of each of the concrete-reinforcing bars, each trace having a trace center;- c) computing a set of connection lines, each connection line binding the trace centers;- d) computing a set of circular arcs, each circular arc surrounding at least partially a respective trace, and a set of segments, each segment being approximately parallel to a respective connection lines and connecting consecutive circular arcs, said segments and said circular arcs forming a center curve of the tying bar in the sketch plane;- e) designing the tying bar based on the center curve and the bar radius of the tying bar.
a computer-implemented method for manipulating a 3d object in a 3d scene of a computer-aided design system, the method comprising the steps of :displaying a 3d object having a center of rotation in the 3d scene on a screen;displaying in the 3d scene a rotation manipulator (rm) having three areas (ra1, ra2, ra3) perpendicular to each other, the rotation manipulator (rm) following the cursor (c) on the screen, each area (ra1, ra2, ra3) corresponding to a rotation plane;activating the rotation manipulator by locking its location on the screen on an initial press point (pp);selecting one rotation plane by displacing the cursor (c) to the area (ra1, ra2, ra3) corresponding to said plane; andperforming a rotation manipulation according to the displacement of the cursor (c) on the screen.
a computer-implemented method for computing an unfolded part of a modeled bended 3d object in a 3d scene of a computer-aided design system, the method comprising the steps of:a) providing the 3d object;b) selecting a fixed portion (fp) of the 3d object;c) selecting a mobile portion (mp) of the 3d object;d) determining a 1d interface (int) forming an intersection between the fixed portion (fp) and the mobile portion;e) computing a transformed portion resulting from a linear transformation of the mobile portion (mp) according to an drawing direction (dd);f) trimming the transformed portion in the vicinity of the 1d interface (int), thereby forming a trimmed transformed portion (ttp);g) creating a fillet (fi) between the 1d interface (int) and the trimmed transformed portion (ttp);h) defining the unfolded part as an union of the fixed portion (fp), the trimmed transformed portion (ttp) and the created fillet (fi).
in environments such as buildings in which access points are densely deployed, those access points influence each other by causing interference to one another or by sharing the wireless medium. in order to provide a frequency channel allocation scheme in such densely populated environments information gathered by the access points are collected in a centralized manner so as to coordinate the frequency channel allocation between the different access points. such an allocation may lead to a frequency channel allocation scheme that may not significantly reduce the interference between access points. the method according to an embodiment of the invention relies on the use of a first metric representing the hinderance experienced by a wireless link and of a second metric representing the usage of the communication medium by wireless links located in the vicinity of each other.
there is provided a device for protecting the execution of a cryptographic operation from attacks, said cryptographic operation being implemented by a cryptographic algorithm, said cryptographic operation comprising at least one modular operation between a main base (m) representing a data block and at least one scalar (d) in at least one finite starting group. the device is configured to determine at least one intermediary group (e') different from said at least one starting group (e), the number of intermediary groups being equal to the number of starting groups e, 602. the device is further configured to determine at least one final group (e") from said at least one starting group e and said at least one intermediary group e' 604. the base m being mapped to an auxiliary element (x) in said at least one intermediary group and to an auxiliary base (m") in said at least one final group e" 606. the device performs a first elementary operation in each final group (e"i), the first elementary operation consisting in executing said modular operation between said auxiliary base (m") and an auxiliary scalar (da ) in each final group e", which provides at least one result, the auxiliary scalar (da ) being determined from the auxiliary element (x) and from the main scalar (d) 608. the device further performs a second elementary operation in each starting group e, the second elementary operation consisting in executing said modular operation between an additional auxiliary base and an additional auxiliary scalar d'b in each starting group, at least one of the additional auxiliary base and of the additional scalar being derived from the result of the first elementary operation 612.
there is provided a device of executing a cryptographic operation on bit vectors, the execution of the cryptographic operation comprising the execution of at least one arithmetic addition operation between a first operand and a second operand. each operand comprises a set of components, each component corresponding to a given bit position of the operand. the device comprises a set of elementary adders (10), each elementary adder being associated with a given bit position of the operands and being configured to perform a bitwise addition between a component of the first operand at the given bit position and the corresponding component of the second operand at the given bit position using the carry generated by the computation performed by the elementary adder corresponding to the previous bit position. each elementary adder has a sum output corresponding to the bitwise addition and a carry ouput, the result of the arithmetic addition operation being derived from the sum ouputs provided by each elementary adder. the device is configured to apply a mask to each operand component input of at least some of the elementary adders using a masking logical operation, the mask being a random number.
the invention discloses a multiband antenna arrangement comprising at least two main conductive elements, the first main conducting element resonating at a first fundamental mode of a first electromagnetic radiation and the second main conducting element resonating at a second fundamental mode of a second electromagnetic radiation, wherein the second main conductive element is connected to the first main conductive element at a feed connection located at a position defined as a function of bellies of current of the first electromagnetic radiation and the antenna arrangement has more resonating modes than the first main conductive element. the antenna arrangement may also be configured so that some of the resonating modes of the first main conductive element have a bandwidth that is enlarged in comparison to the corresponding bandwidth of these resonating modes for the first main conductive element. according to the invention, a design method of the antenna arrangement to provide a match between the resonating modes of the antenna arrangement and a specification defined by a list of frequencies and, possibly, corresponding bandwidths at a predefined matching level and selectivity, as well, as in certain embodiments, a predefined form factor.
the invention notably relates to a computer-implemented method of computing of a visibility function of a three-dimensional (3d) scene. the method comprises providing a set of directions () in the 3d scene, for each direction of the set, computing a set of lines that are parallel to the direction, for each computed set of lines, sampling the lines of the set into spatial segments, associating each line of a set with a bit field, each spatial segment of the line corresponding to a bit of the bit field, superimposing the set of lines and the 3d scene, when a spatial segment of a line intersects a geometry in the 3d scene, marking the bit corresponding to the spatial segment of the bit field associated with the line, providing two points in the 3d scene that define a query segment, identifying one or more spatial segments having a closest alignment with the query segment, computing the visibility of the query segment by performing a logical bit operation on one or more bit fields of the lines the identified one or more spatial segments belong to.
the invention notably relates to a computer-implemented method for designing a three-dimensional (3d) finite element mesh of a 3d part that comprises a lattice structure. the method comprises providing a solid representation of the 3d part, providing a regular tiling of cells, each cell comprising a finite element mesh, superposing the regular tiling of cells with the solid representation of the 3d part, partitioning (s40) the cells into two groups, where a first group of cells, each in contact with the solid representation of the 3d part, and a second group of cells, none in contact with the solid representation of the 3d part. the method also comprises computing a boolean union of the first group of cells and the solid representation of the 3d part, the boolean union forming a volume, finite element meshing the volume of the computed boolean union while preserving the set of faces of the first group of cells that are shared with the second group of cells, and merging the finite element meshes of the cells of the second group and the meshed volume of the computed boolean union.
the invention notably relates to a computer-implemented method for designing a part by topology optimization. the method comprises defining a working volume for the optimization of the part and at least one boundary condition applied to the part, computing a vector field over the working volume, each vector of the field representing an optimal direction and a quantity of material corresponding to satisfy the at least one boundary condition, computing a set of flow lines by propagating from starting points in the vector field. for each flow line of the set, an element for the primary structure of the part is computed and a secondary structure of the part linking the set of primary as well as the secondary structure elements together is computed.
the invention notably relates to a computer-implemented method for designing a three-dimensional (3d) finite element mesh of a 3d part that comprises a lattice structure. the method comprises providing a solid representation of the 3d part, providing a regular tiling of cells, each cell comprising a finite element mesh, superposing the regular tiling of cells with the solid representation of the 3d part, partitioning (s40) the cells into two groups. a first group of cells, each in contact with the solid representation of the 3d part, and a second group of cells, none in contact with the solid representation of the 3d part. the method also comprises finite element meshing a boundary of the solid representation of the 3d part, extracting a boundary finite element mesh of the first group of cells, computing a boolean union of the finite element mesh of the boundary of the solid representation of the 3d part and of the extracted boundary finite element mesh of the first group of cells, finite element meshing a volume of the computed boolean union and merging the finite element meshes of meshed volume of the computed boolean union and the cells of the second group of cells.
the invention notably relates to a computer-implemented method for predicting new occurrences of an event of a physical system. the method comprises providing a first set of past events of the physical system, each past event comprising several attributes, providing a signature for each past event of the first set, providing a new event comprising several attributes, computing a signature of the new event, computing a similarity measure between the signature of the new event and each signature of each past event of the first set, determining the past events closest to the new event according to the similarity measures thereby forming a second set of past events, computing a score of relevance for each attribute of the second set, providing a set of attributes by selecting the attributes having the greater scores of relevance.
a first device receives, via a blockchain node of the first device, data and constraints associated with a smart contract, where the smart contract is deployed via a blockchain node associated with a second device, the first and second devices are provided in a blockchain network, through their blockchain nodes. the first device provides, via the blockchain node, the data and constraints to an analytics engine of the first device, and performs, via the analytics engine, a data analytics technique on the data and constraints to generate an offer with optimized parameters. the first device provides the offer with the optimized parameters to the smart contract associated with the second device, and receives, via the blockchain node, a confirmation of a transaction associated with the smart contract. the first device causes the offer with the optimized parameters to be implemented based on receiving the confirmation of the transaction.
the invention relates to a polypeptide comprising an exoglucanase catalytic domain comprising a sequence selected from the group consisting of seq id no: 1, seq id no: 2 and seq id no: 3, and to a polypeptide having beta-glucosidase activity comprising a sequence selected from the group consisting of seq id no: 6, seq id no: 7 and seq id no: 8, and to functionally equivalent variants thereof that maintain or improve their catalytic activity. additionally, the invention relates to an enzyme cocktail comprising said polypeptide(s) and an endoglucanase. further, the invention also relates to methods for hydrolysing cellulose to cellobiose and/or cellotetraose, cellobiose and/or cellotetraose to glucose and cellulose to glucose, and to produce bioethanol, using the polypeptides or enzyme cocktails of the invention, and to the uses of the polypeptides and enzyme cocktails of the invention for hydrolysing cellulose to cellobiose and/or cellotetraose, cellobiose and/or cellotetraose to glucose and cellulose to glucose, and to produce bioethanol.
wind turbine tower with reinforcing elements. the wind turbine tower comprises at least a first section (1) comprising at least two segments (2) defining at least two vertical joints (3) disposed between the at least two segments (2), at least two reinforcing elements (4) placed in each vertical joint (3), and at least an upper region (5) disposed above at least a lower region (6). the reinforcing elements (4) are configured to provide a first shear strength (1ss) in the at least upper region (5) and a second shear strength (2ss) in the at least lower region (6), the first shear strength and the second shear strength having different values and being enough to bear a maximum expected shear force in the vertical joint s (3).
the disclosed computer-implemented method may include (1) identifying a plurality of network paths within a network, (2) identifying a plurality of network services offered via the network, (3) creating a virtual path topology that represents a select grouping of the network paths that (a) originate from a single ingress node within the network and (b) lead to a plurality of egress nodes within the network, (4) mapping at least one of the network services to the virtual path topology, and (5) providing the at least one of the network services to at least one computing device via at least one of the network paths included in the select grouping represented by the virtual path topology. various other methods, systems, and computer-readable media are also disclosed.
the invention refers to a lower fuselage shell for an aircraft rear fuselage section, wherein the lower fuselage shell is made of a composite material and comprises at least one lower skin and stringers integrally formed with the lower skin, and frame segments extending crosswise relative to the stringers. shear-ties are co-cured or co-bonded with the lower skin and extend crosswise relative to the stringers. frame segments are fastened to the shear-ties, such as the frame segments are distanced from the lower skin. the invention also refers to an aircraft rear fuselage section comprising an upper fuselage shell and the lower fuselage shell previously defined. the upper fuselage shell has an upper skin reinforced with omega-shaped stringers, and the lower shell has a lower skin reinforced with t-shaped stringers. the invention also refers to a method for manufacturing the rear fuselage section.
the invention refers to an impression chamber (1) for a 3d printer (6) adapted to receive a high performance plastic filament (19) and comprising a print head (7) and a printing bed (8), wherein the impression chamber (1) comprises a thermally insulated plate (2) and a polyimide film (3) attached to the plate (2) for delimiting a printing space (20). the plate (2) is dimensioned to have a surface (2a) equal or larger than the major surface of the piece (5) to be printed, and the film (3) is dimensioned to surround the printing bed (8). the plate (2) is provided with a first through-hole (15) for allowing the passage of at least part of the print head (7), so that the plate (2) is moved by the movement of the print head (7) and the film (3) is dragged by said movement providing a flexible impression chamber (1).
the present invention refers to new compounds useful in the treatment of leishmaniasis and, more particularly, to a series of 5-6-5 triazole-phenyl-thiazole heterocycles capable of inhibiting both activity and dimerization of l. infantum tryr in enzymatic assays at low micromolar concentrations and endowed with potent in vitro activity against promastigote and amastigote forms of leishmania which indicates a good permeability across the plasma membrane of the parasites.
systems for visually inspecting a surface of an object are provided, which comprise a visual inspection head, and a module for controlling a position and /or an orientation of the visual inspection head with respect to the object. the visual inspection head comprises a visual inspection module, and an angle controlling module for ensuring a predetermined angle of the visual inspection system with respect to an area to be inspected of the surface of the object. the angle controlling module comprises a pointer for projecting a light beam onto the area to be inspected, a camera for determining whether the light beam is reflected substantially perpendicularly. the system is configured to move the visual inspection head relative to the object until the light beam is reflected substantially perpendicularly. methods for visually inspecting a surface are also provided.
antenna system (100) adapted for integration in side mirrors (200) of a vehicle (300). the antenna system (100) comprises two radiating conductors (110) and a reflector (130) coplanarly disposed on a same dielectric substrate of a printed circuit board. the radiating conductors (110) are connected to the reflector (130) through transmission lines (120) electromagnetically coupled to a frequency band of operation. in order to optimize the radiating of the antenna system in a 180 sector that covers one lateral of the vehicle (300), the reflector (130) is separated from the two radiating conductors (110) by a distance comprised between 0.3 times and 1 time the central wavelength (); and the reflector (130) is less than 6 times wider than the radiating conductors (110).
a device (100-103) for protecting a line (50) comprising: a tubular body (110) adapted to receive the line and to insert the tubular body in an opening (25,29) in a first direction (70), the tubular body comprising a first end and a second end; and retention means (115,201-205) coupled to the tubular body; the retention means are adapted to prevent the movement of the tubular body in the opening in a second direction (75) when the tubular body receives the line, the second direction being opposite the first direction; and the retention means (115,201-205) are also adapted to enable the movement of the tubular body (110) in the opening (25,29) at least in the second direction (75) when the tubular body does not receive the line (50). and a method for inserting a line (50) in an opening (25,29) of an installation (10).
a computer-implemented method for providing one or more descriptors of a 3d geometry, the method comprising: determining a first key point in the 3d geometry; selecting a plurality of points in a vicinity of the first key point; computing a normal of the first key point and a normal of each point of a plurality of points; computing an angle of each normal of the plurality of points with respect to the normal of the first key point; providing a first matrix comprising the angles computed; applying a trace transform to the first matrix thereby providing a second matrix; and applying an fft to the second matrix thereby providing a descriptor.
a method for assigning a plurality of smart meters to phases of a distribution feeder comprising three phases, each smart meter having an electrical load pattern associated therewith, the method comprising: for each smart meter of the plurality of smart meters, assigning the smart meter to one phase of the three phases that minimizes one of: a sum of residuals of all pairs of phases of the three phases resulting from assigning the electrical load pattern of the smart meter to the one phase; and a sum of mean crest factors of the three phases resulting from assigning the electrical load pattern of the smart meter to the one phase. also a device for assigning a plurality of smart meters to phases of a distribution feeder comprising three phases. and a method for assigning a plurality of smart meters to phases of a distribution feeder comprising three phases, each smart meter having an electrical load pattern associated therewith, the method comprising: running a multi-objective optimization algorithm for assigning each smart meter to a phase of the three phases; wherein the multi-objective optimization algorithm minimizes: a sum of residuals of all pairs of phases of the three phases upon assigning all smart meters to phases of the three phases; and a sum of mean crest factors of the three phases upon assigning all smart meters to phases of the three phases; and wherein upon assigning all smart meters to phases of the three phases the sum of residuals and the sum of mean crest factors are non-dominated in a pareto front.
a system for fire control and detection with integrated voice over internet protocol communication is provided. aspects include alarm system devices which are respectively operable to detect various conditions within a predefined space and to take various actions relative to the various conditions within the predefined space. the alarm system devices are monitored by an alarm monitoring system and at least one of the alarm system devices includes a voice over internet protocol (voip) communication apparatus.
a strip (1) comprising multiple plant support units (2) for supporting a plant stem (3) of a plant, wherein each plant support unit (2) comprises a fixing portion (5) configured to engage a cylindrical support (20) received in an cylindrical inner space (17) having a longitudinal space axis (18) and partly surrounded by the fixing portion (5) having an annular form and a radial opening to provide access to the inner space (17), and a flexible elongate support portion (7) extending from an attached end being attached to the fixing portion (5) to a free end.
the invention provides a method allowing to determine whether a subject diagnosed with cancer is sensitive or resistant to an anti-cancer treatment, based on the level of cells with rad51 foci in a sample containing tumor cells isolated from said subject, wherein the subject has not received at 24 hours prior to the isolation of the sample, a chemotherapy selected from the group consisting of ac, fec, ecf and navelbine/epirubicin, and wherein the sample has not been treated with a method that induces dna damage before determining the level of cells with rad51 foci.
this invention is related to a lighting device (1) comprising a housing (2), a light source (3), an internal support (4), an external heatsink (5) and a thermally conductive link (6). the internal support (4) is located inside the housing and in thermal connection with the light source (3). the external heatsink (5) is located at least partially outside the housing (2). the thermally conductive link (6) is in thermal contact with the internal support (4) and with the external heatsink (5). the thermally conductive link (6) is flexible and has a thermal conductivity greater than 100 w/mk.
a method for providing electrical power to one or more components of a wind turbine is provided. the method comprises: delivering electrical power to the components of the wind turbine by a wind turbine generator. the method further comprises controlling active electrical power delivered to the components by operating one or more power converters to generate reactive power. then, one or more power converters are operated to absorb the reactive power generated by the power converters.
the disclosure relates to hoisting accessories for wind turbines. the hoisting accessory is configured to be rotatably attached to the rotor hub and is further configured to assume a hoisting configuration and a passive configuration, wherein in the hoisting configuration, a wind turbine blade can be hoisted and mounted substantially vertically to the rotor hub, and wherein in the passive configuration, the rotor hub carrying one or more wind turbine blades can be rotated. the present disclosure also relates to kits including such hoisting accessories and methods of hoisting wind turbine blades.
the present invention provides means for preventing and/or treating brain metastasis. the present invention relates to a novel method of preventing and/or treating brain metastasis by acting specifically on astrocytes for inhibiting the expression or the activation of stat3 in these cells.
the present invention refers to a process for depolymerizing lignin in times under the second and at elevated temperature and pressure. the process of the invention can be carried out as a continuous flow process and provides high yields of high-value oligomeric and monomeric phenolic compounds derived from lignin.
the present invention relates to a device for operating with thz and/or ir and/or mw radiation, comprising:- an antenna having one or more antenna branches (a1; a1, a2) and adapted to operate in the thz and/or ir and/or mw frequency range; and- a structure made of at least one photoactive material defining a photo-active area (ga) arranged to absorb light radiation impinging thereon.the focus area of the at least one antenna branch (a1; a1, a2) is dimensionally equal or smaller than the photo-active area (ga).
a pulsed electric field cooking device (10) comprising a container (11), a first electrode (12) being designed in a fixed position, a second electrode (13) and a pulsed electric field (pef) generator (14) for generating electric pulses wherein the second electrode (13) is movable.the present invention provides a simple and effective pulsed electric field cooking device in which a constant connection between a cooking object and electrodes are provided. no matter of the size of the cooking object an electric current is provided without involvement of the user.
a method for manufacturing an automotive part. this method comprises the steps of providing a raw material (1) with a luminous transmittance higher than 70%, transforming the raw material (1) into a transformed raw material (6), feeding a 3d printing machine (2) with the transformed raw material (6), printing an automotive part (10) with the 3d printing machine (2), using the transformed raw material (6); and performing a post-processing step to improve the optical properties of the automotive part (10).
the present invention is directed to a duplex stainless steel alloy which contains the following elements, in % by weight with respect to the total weight of the composition: c: 0.03% or less; si: 0.5% or less; mn: 2.5% or less; cr: more than 30.0% up to 35.0%; ni: 5.5% to 8.0%; mo: 2.0% to 2.5%; w: 2.5% or less; co: 0.01% to 0.8%; n: 0.3% to 0.6%; cu: 1.0% or less; having one or more of the following: ca: 0.0040% or less; mg: 0.0040% or less; one or more rare earth elements in a total amount of 0.1% or less; the remainder being fe and unavoidable impurities; and wherein the relationship crc = 1.062*(ni + co) + 4.185*mo is between 14.95 and 19.80. the duplex stainless steel alloy displays a high resistance to corrosion and is specially suitable for use in the production of urea.
the invention relates to a nanoparticle conjugate arranged, in use, to encapsulate and deliver a payload molecule to a damaged and/or senescent cell. therapeutic uses thereof and cosmetic and imaging applications are also provided. the nanoparticle preferably presents a homogeneous coating of 6-mer galacto-oligosaccharides at each cavity on its surface and can be for use in the treatment, amelioration, or prevention of a disease or condition characterised by the presence of damaged and/or senescent cells.
a device receives images of a field on a farm, and filters the images of the field to generate filtered images. the device isolates planting lanes in the filtered images, where the planting lanes include lanes formed by crops in the field, and the planting lanes are isolated via a masking technique or a sliding windows technique. the device identifies plant gaps in the planting lanes, where the plant gaps correspond to portions of the planting lanes that are missing crops, the plant gaps are identified based on a heat map when the masking technique is utilized to isolate the planting lanes, and the plant gaps are identified based on sliding windows when the sliding windows technique is utilized to isolate the planting lanes. the device superimposes the plant gaps over the images to generate a visual representation of stressed areas in the field, and performs an action based on the visual representation of the stressed areas.
use of a smectite clay that has been pre-treated with a dispersant as a binder, in particular the use of a smectite clay that has been pre-treated with a dispersant as a binder to form iron ore pellets.
the invention relates to a shrink label comprising a multilayer shrink film including layers in the following order from top to bottom of the label: a first skin layer, a core layer and a second skin layer, and wherein the first skin layer comprises: between 20 and 60 wt.% of random copolymer of propylene and ethylene, between 20 and 60 wt.% of at least one of the following propylene terpolymers: 1-butene/propylene/ethylene, propylene/ethylene/1 -hexene and propylene/ethylene/1-butene, and between 2 and 30 wt.% of polyolefin plastomer and/or elastomer. the invention further relates to use of the shrink label and to a labelled article.
a motor vehicle seat (3) is provided with a backrest (8) and a seat portion(10) having a fixed element (12) and at least one body (18) which can be moved between a lowered configuration, in which it forms with the backrest (8) a place for an adult passenger, and a raised configuration, in which it forms a booster seat suitable for supporting a child; the body (18) is releasably fixed in the raised configuration by means of a fastening device (40) and carries a side support element (50), which is arranged next to the body and is movable between an operating configuration, in which it protrudes upwards with respect to an upper surface (34) of the body (18), and a rest configuration, in which it is arranged lower or flush with respect to said upper surface (34).
7. a tripod or full height turnstile (10) for secured entrance gates for detecting and granting access to one authorized user (as) at a time having at least:- a control unit (12) remotely or electronically connected to an authorization card reader (11) and able to process information from an authorization card reader (11);- a timer (13);- a lock system (14);- at least an improper transit control device (15);- a passage sector (s) defined by two consecutive arms (s1, s2) of said turnstile (10) radially apart;said timer (13) and said lock system (14) are connected to said control unit (12) to be operated by said control unit (12);said at least a improper transit control device (15) is connected to said control unit (12) and adapted to send improper transit information to said control unit (12);said lock system (14) is connected to said arms (s1, s2) of the turnstile (10), in order to lock or unlock said arms (s1, s2) following a command from said control unit (12);characterized in that said improper transit control device (15) is provided with at least a single person detection sensor (15a) adapted to detect an unauthorized user (us) tailgating said authorized user (as) transiting within said sector (s).
the system comprises a support structure (12) in which a passage (14) is defined. an oscillating assembly (16) defines a container compartment (18) and is hinged at said passage (14) between a closed position and a fully open position. there is also a damping device (30) configured for damping or slowing down the movement of the oscillating assembly (16) in a predetermined tract of the travel from the closed position to the fully open position. the damping device (30) comprises a cam (32) carried by the oscillating assembly (16), which has an outer surface with an eccentric portion (34), and a buffer (36) made of elastically deformable material, mounted to the support structure (12) and co-operating with said outer surface. in the predetermined tract, the eccentric portion (34) pushes the buffer (36) that exerts friction against the cam (32), thereby damping or slowing down the movement of the oscillating assembly (16) .
methods for treating steel, along with the resulting treated steel, are provided. the method may comprise: nitriding a carburized ferrium steel component such that the ferrium steel component has a surface portion with a nitrogen content that is greater than 0% to about 5% by weight. nitriding the ferrium steel component may increase the surface hardness of the ferrium steel. the surface portion may have a nitrogen content of about 0.05% to about 0.5% by weight.
a braking mode selection system (abms) in a motor vehicle (mv) has a friction braking system (fbs), a regenerative braking system (rbs) and an electronic control unit (ecu), which activates the friction braking assembly (fbs) and/or the regenerative braking assembly (rbs) depending on a base selection criterion, in response to a braking control; the electronic control unit (ecu) is configured to so as to determine the value of a quantity indicating the inactivity time of the friction braking system (fbs), compare this value with an intervention threshold, and activate the friction braking system (fbs), in response to a new braking control, when the determined value reaches the intervention threshold, regardless of the base selection criterion.
the invention concerns a method for optimising the process of gas injection to and withdrawal from an underground gas storage facility connected to at least one gas pipeline, controlled by means of a control system, consisting of above-ground equipment for gas processing prior to being transferred to the storage facility, underground equipment and above-ground equipment for gas processing after being withdrawn from the storage facility, where input parameters of the gas storage facility equipment are being changed, and by means of the control system signals that control the change of gas storage facility equipment parameters are transmitted, characterised in that:- at the start of the process of gas injection to and withdrawal from the gas storage facility, in the gas storage facility operation optimisation system (16) located on the optimisation system server (15), the expected/forecast input data of the gas storage facility operation are being set in an assumed prediction horizon, such as external temperature, gas pressure in at least one gas pipeline (12, 12a, 12b) separately for each connection to the gas pipeline (12, 12a, 12b), for gas injection to the storage facility gas temperature and gas composition in at least one gas pipeline (12, 12a, 12b), separately for each connection to the gas pipeline (12, 12a, 12b), prices of electrical energy and fuel gas, the direction of gas flow and the gas flow volume at each connection to at least one gas pipeline (12, 12a, 12b), availability of at least one cavern (7a, 7b, 7c, 7d, 7e) and at least one compressor (4a, 4b, 4c), measurement data on gas storage facility state are acquired from the control system, such as current gas flows, gas composition, and the temperature of gas stored in the storage facility, based on which the gas storage facility underground part model state is being updated for the period from the last update up to present time, data updates are saved in the database (20) of the gas storage facility operation optimisation system (16), and by means of a calculation module (18) and the underground part simulation module (19):- at least one used cavern is selected (7a,7b,7c,7d,7e) and gas flow vhsum is split between the caverns in use (7a,7b,7c,7d,7e);- the connections of each cavern in use (7a,7b,7c,7d,7e) are allocated to one of the transfer manifolds (6, 6a,6b);- the connections of each compressor (4a,4b,4c) are allocated to gas pipelines (12,12a,12b) and manifolds (6,6a,6b);- optimal operating parameters for each compressor (4a, 4b, 4c), are determined so that for a single battery of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) the operation cost of each of the compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) is determined according to gas flow for each operating mode the compressor (4a, 4b, 4c) can operate under specific conditions, and for a cascade of two batteries of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) an optimal pressure between batteries of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) is selected so that for any evaluated pressure the operation cost of each of the compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) is determined according to gas flow for each of the operating modes the compressor (4a, 4b, 4c) can operate under specific conditions, then gas flow is optimally split between compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) from the first battery of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) for each possible set of operating modes of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) from the first battery, gas flow is optimally split between the compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) from the second battery of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) for each possible set of operating modes of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) from the second battery, optimal operating modes of the compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) are selected for a specific time horizon;- as a result of calculations from the previous steps value vectors of all output variables are determined in the calculation module (18) of the gas storage facility operation optimisation system (16), which describe the optimal parameters of the gas storage facility equipment in terms of optimisation and the module transmits data to the control system (13) via an interface for communication with the control system (21);- based on these optimal results received from the gas storage facility operation optimisation system (16) and saved in the control system (13), optimal signals that control the change of equipment operating parameters, selected according to the structure of the storage facility system from the following: states of cut-off valves (5a, 5b, 5c, 5d, 5e, 5f, 5g, 5h, 5i, 5j, 5k, 51, 5m, 5n, 5o, 5p, 5q, 5r, 5s, 5t, 5u, 5v, 5w , 5x, 5y, 5z), which select the used caverns (7a, 7b, 7c, 7d, 7e) and compressors (4a, 4b, 4c), flow setpoints for fcv valves (8a, 8b, 8c, 8d, 8e, 8f , 8g), setpoints of flow through compressors in use (4a, 4b, 4c), operating modes of compressors in use (4a, 4b, 4c), pressures between the levels of compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) for compressors (4a, 4b, 4c) connected in cascade, are transmitted via the control system (13);- the above operations shall be repeated with a period no longer than the calculation horizon.
the present invention relates to a modified release tablet of paliperidone, characterised in that the tablet core comprises: 0.1% to 6% of paliperidone, 30% to 40% of a mixture of lightly cross-linked carbomer and highly cross-linked carbomer, wherein the ratio of lightly cross-linked carbomer to highly cross-linked carbomer is from 1:1 to 10:1, 50 to 65% of filler selected from lactose or dibasic calcium phosphate, wherein the tablet core further comprises mannitol, talc, silicon dioxide and magnesium stearate.
a servo valve (10) comprising first and second nozzles (12a, 12b) and first and second piezoelectric actuators (14a, 14b) arranged to control fluid flow through the first and second nozzles (12a, 12b) respectively. a first fluid flow path is defined between the first nozzle (12a) and the first piezoelectric actuator (14a) and a second fluid flow path is defined between the second nozzle (12b) and the second piezoelectric actuator (14b). the first and second piezoelectric actuators (14a, 14b) are arranged such that applying a voltage to the first and second piezoelectric actuators (14a, 14b) causes a change in dimension thereof, which acts to open or restrict said first and second fluid flow paths respectively.
an electromagnetic device is disclosed, the electromagnetic device comprising a core support (14) having an exterior surface comprising at least one radial protrusion (30), a tubular magnetic core (12) positioned around a portion of the length of the core support (14), the tubular magnetic core (12) having an interior surface, at least one indent (34) located in the interior surface of the tubular magnetic core (12), wherein the at least one protrusion (30) is located within the at least one indent (34) to prevent relative longitudinal movement between the core support (14) and tubular magnetic core (12), and a primary coil (16) and at least one secondary coil (18,20), each coil positioned around a portion of a length of the tubular magnetic core (12).
a servo valve (10) comprising first and second nozzles (12a, 12b) spaced apart from each other, an elongate control member (16) positioned between the nozzles (12a, 12b), and a solenoid assembly (14) surrounding at least a portion of the control member (16). the elongate control member (16) has a first end (17a) and an opposing second end (17b). the control member (16) is configured to translate in response to the solenoid assembly (14) being energised, such that the first end (17a) is moved towards the first nozzle (12a) and the second end (17b) is moved away from the second nozzle (12b) or the first end (17a) is moved away from the first nozzle (12a) and the second end (17b) is moved towards the second nozzle (12b).
the present application relates to a composition for promoting proliferation of adult stem cells further comprising phytosphingosine-1-phosphate (p1p), o-cyclic p1p (cp1p), n-acetylphytosphingosine-1-phosphate (naps-1-p), and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof in a basal medium, a composition for culturing adult stem cells comprising the same, or a composition for a serum-free or low-serum culture medium of adult stem cells. when the stem cells are cultured using the composition of the present application, the proliferation promotion, activity and differentiation capacity of the stem cells can be improved, and the death of the stem cells against external stress can be prevented.
disclosed in the present invention are a use as an immune enhancer of phytosphingosine-1-phosphate (p1p), o-cyclic p1p (cp1p), n-acetylphytosphingosine-1-phosphate (naps-1-p), and pharmaceutically acceptable salts thereof, and a pharmaceutical composition or vaccine for treating dementia, comprising such substance on the basis of a neuronal cell death inhibitory effect. the substance according to the present invention exhibits an effect of enhancing th2 immune response and inhibiting th1 immune response and has an effect of protecting neurons as well, and thus can be useful as an immune enhancer to help the production of antibodies for the development of a dementia vaccine, as well as an agent for preventing or treating dementia.
the present invention relates to a novel recombinant nanocage and use thereof. more particularly, the present invention relates to a nanocage formed by self-assembly of a fusion protein including a phagocytosis enhancing protein and a self-assembling protein, and a protein nanocage complex in which an immunogenic cell death inducer loaded in the nanocage as an active ingredient.
provided are a control channel sending method and apparatus, and receiving method and apparatus. the sending method comprises: a first device acquiring resource information about a first type of sending resources of a control channel; the first device determining a second type of sending resources of the control channel according to the resource information about the first type of sending resources, wherein the second type of sending resources are sending resources different from the first type of sending resources; and the first device sending, on the first type of sending resources and the second type of sending resources, the control channel to a second device. the invention solves the technical problem in the related art that the transmission efficiency of a control channel is relatively low due to the fact that a terminal applies a blind detection method to the control channel.
a novel method for producing a mogrol glycoside and mogrol has been required. the present invention provides a method for producing a mogrol glycoside and/or mogrol, said method comprising a step for cleaving at least one glucoside bond in a mogrol glycoside.
a mosx/carbon black nanocomposite material, and a manufacturing method and application thereof. in the mosx/carbon black nanocomposite material, 2≤x≤2.3. the weight percentage of mosx as part of the total weight of the nanocomposite material is 5-50%. the mosx/carbon black nanocomposite material has 20% higher performance when compared to a commercial 20% pt/c catalyst. the manufactured mosx/carbon black nanocomposite material also has excellent catalytic stability. there is no significant decrease in catalytic performance of the material after 5,000 catalytic cycles.
the present disclosure provides an in-cell transparent touch display panel, manufacturing method and driving method thereof, which relates to the technical field of display. the transparent touch display panel comprises a first electrode and a pixel defining structure on a transparent substrate, the first electrode extending along a first direction and the pixel defining structure defining a plurality of pixel regions and touch electrode regions; an organic electroluminescent layer in the pixel regions, a second electrode arranged on the organic electroluminescent layer and in the pixel regions, the second electrodes extending along a second direction; and a plurality of first touch electrodes along the first direction and a plurality of second touch electrodes along the second direction and in the touch electrode regions. the first electrodes, second electrodes, first touch electrodes and second touch electrodes are all transparent electrodes, and the first direction intersects with the second direction.
the embodiments of the present disclosure provide a top-emitting type organic electroluminescent device, a manufacturing method thereof and a display apparatus, which can reduce damage to an organic functional layer when a transparent metal oxide layer is sputtered, thereby obtaining a cathode with high stability and high transparence. the top-emitting type organic electroluminescent device includes an anode, an organic functional layer and a cathode that are sequentially stacked. the cathode includes a transparent metal layer disposed on a surface of the organic functional layer facing away from the anode, and a transparent metal oxide layer disposed on a surface of the transparent metal layer facing away from the organic functional layer. in the top-emitting type organic electroluminescent device provided by the embodiment of the present disclosure, the cathode includes a transparent metal layer disposed on a side of the organic functional layer facing away from the anode and a transparent metal oxide layer disposed on the transparent metal layer. the transparent metal layer can be formed on the organic functional layer by deposition, which causes less damage to the organic functional layer than sputtering. the transparent metal oxide layer can also be formed on the transparent metal layer by sputtering, thereby improving the light transmittance of the cathode.
an anti-hmgb1 antibody comprising a light chain variable region comprising complementarity-determining regions or the like including amino acid sequences of seq id nos: 4 to 6, and a heavy chain variable region comprising complementarity-determining regions or the like including amino acid sequences of seq id nos: 10 to 12, or an anti-hmgb1 antibody comprising a light chain variable region or the like comprising an amino acid sequence of seq id no: 3, and a heavy chain variable region comprising an amino acid sequence or the like of seq id no: 9, and a composition for treating or preventing alzheimer's disease, comprising the same as an active ingredient.
an equipment for grain moisture control and measurement in grain dryers is the object described in this invention has the objective of solving the inconvenient described in the state of the technique, through an equipment with an capacitive sensor (15) that promotes the readings of the moisture of the grains in a precise and reliable manner, through pre-determined samples sizes and measurement intervals. with this technique, the process is fully automated, so there are no external interferences to be accounted, resulting in the best possible measurement, as well as the best possible outcome possible to the grain's quality.
the present invention relates to anti-aging cosmetic compositions in the form of a silicone emulsion, which are particularly useful to fill deep wrinkles, particularly on the lips.
the present invention relates to cosmetic anti-sign compositions, in the form of gel, which compositions are particularly useful for clarifying dark eye circles and reducing bag under eyes.
the present invention privilege relates to an innovative method for manufacturing furniture using extruded polymeric honeycomb profiles, capable of providing the market with a sustainable product which can be exposed to moisture.the object of this present invention privilege comprises a method which uses three polymeric extruded honeycomb profiles (a, b, and c), the extruded profile (a) being fitted to the profile (b) by inserting the flanges (6) into the angled conformation (15), being anchored by the contact of the external flexible flaps (5) with the flexible flaps (9). the union of profiles (a) and (c) provides an intermediate fitting allowing fixating the shelves, for example, being anchored by inserting the appendage (9) into the angled conformations (21), fixating them through contact of the flexible external flanges (8) with the external flexible flaps (22), allowing the formation of a three-part conjugation, being one (c) profile and two (a) profiles. the proposed method further allows the union of two profiles (a) through the union of the external flexible flaps (10) of the appendage (9), anchored to the internal flexible flaps (7) of the flanges (6). after fitting the three profiles (a, b, and c), which can be bottom, bases and shelves, the furniture is semi finished, the sides are mounted using profiles (b) also fitted to the bottom, which refer to and position them, allowing the use of self-tapping screws (d) attached to the hole (14) of the support (13), allowing it to be anchored internally to the profiles (a, b, and c) thus improving the finish in view of its honeycomb structure, after being finished with the cap (e) to conceal the hole and the screw. finally, the cutting edges are covered with adhesive border strips along the side walls (1, 11, and 17), internal structural elements (2, 12, and 18) and supports (3, 13, and 19).
an improved capsule delivery and rejection mechanism for a beverage extraction device, comprises a housing (1), a first frame (2), a second frame (3) and two jaws (5), characterized in that, the front end of each jaw (5) is a clamp portion (51); each clamp portion (51) has a first hook (52); each of the left and right sides of the first frame (2) has a resisting face (22); each jaw (5) has a guiding hole (53) \arranged in the front-back direction; each of the left and right sides of the second frame (3) has a second hook (31) which is located inside the guiding hole (53) and movable forward and backward relative to the jaws (5); the front side surface (311) of the second hook (31) toughing the front end inner surface (531) of the guiding hole (53) defines a first contact, and the rear side surface (312) of the second hook (31) touching the rear end inner surface (532) of the guiding hole (53) defines a second contact; two elastic members (6) are disposed on left and right sides of the housing (1). the capsule delivery and rejection mechanism for a beverage extraction device is more rational in structural design and more smooth in the capsule rejection/delivery action.
the present disclosure relates to the technical field of security detection device, and in particular to a lead curtain protective device for a detecting device and a ray shielding method. the lead curtain protective device comprises: at least two lead curtains; a supporting assembly comprising a working area and a standby area; a first transmission assembly adapted to drive the lead curtains to move in a conveying channel; and a second transmission assembly adapted to transfer the lead curtains between the standby area and the working area, wherein the second transmission assembly is adapted to transfer the lead curtains from the standby area to the working area, so that the lead curtains fall into a starting point of the conveying channel and are located behind an article to be detected; the first transmission assembly is adapted to drive the lead curtains to synchronously move with the article to be detected in front and drive the lead curtains to move from the starting point of the working area to a starting point of the standby area; and the second transmission assembly is further adapted to drive the lead curtains to enter the standby area and move in the standby area.
a method and a system for strategy-based digital asset trading are disclosed. the method includes: 1) generating an ownership identifier for a digital asset; 2) setting, in a transaction server, a transaction strategy for a digital asset owner associated with each ownership identifier; and 3) performing, by the transaction server, transaction matching and pricing according to a transaction strategy of a digital asset purchaser and the transaction strategy set for the ownership identifier. the method removes a bottleneck of human dealmaking in digital asset transactions, by performing direct matching of a supplier and a buyer of a fragmented transaction, thereby solving a low-efficiency problem in digital asset transactions in the internet era.
disclosed by the embodiments of the present application is a signal acquisition method, the method comprising: acquiring a quality parameter value of a signal that is connectable to a terminal; and analyzing the quality parameter value of the signal that is connectable to the terminal and determining a target signal that is to be connected by the terminal. also disclosed by the embodiments of the present application is a signal acquisition device.
the present invention relates to a collaborative optimization method for bus timetables based on big data, which belongs to the technical field of urban bus operation and management. bus gps data, ic card data and line station data are fused together to provide real-time operation data for the formulation of bus timetables, and a bus timetable optimization model considering transfer between buses and rail transit lines is proposed. in the model, by taking the departure interval of each time period as a decision variable and taking the minimum total system cost as an objective function, the waiting time cost of non-transfer passengers, the waiting time cost of transfer passengers, and the operation cost of bus operation enterprises are comprehensively considered. by means of the present invention, passenger flow data are acquired through multisource data fusion, a large number of manpower is saved, and the accuracy of data is increased. the rationality of compiling the bus timetable is increased by considering transfer between ground buses and rail transit lines. the bus timetable is optimized by establishing a data model. the model takes into account both the waiting time cost of passengers and the operation cost of enterprises, and realizes the coordination of benefits between passengers and enterprises.
a method is disclosed for accumulating and co-assembling consistent data. the method includes: 1) a node a packaging data d into data black da according to a generation rule, and broadcasting a mutually trusted assembly invitation; 2) after a node b has approved the mutually trusted assembly invitation, assembling the da and a data block db of node b according to the generation rule, and returning an assembly result to node a; 3) after node a has validated the assembly result, establishing a mutually trusted partnership between node a and node b; 4) the mutually trusted partner nodes inspecting whether the stored assembly result meets a setting condition of an assembly rule, and if not, the mutually trusted partner nodes respectively broadcasting a mutually trusted assembly invitation to a network; and 5) after a node i has approved the mutually trusted assembly invitation, assembling the assembly result and a data block di of the node i according to the generation rule, and returning a new assembly result to the invitation node, after all mutually trusted partner nodes issuing the invitation have approved the new assembly result, storing the new assembly result, and adding node i as a mutually trusted partner.
the present application provides a multi-system integrated antenna, including a reflective plate, and an intelligent antenna array and a base station antenna array both disposed on the reflective plate; the intelligent antenna array is located at a lower end of the reflective plate, and includes a plurality of intelligent antenna subarrays, each of the intelligent antenna subarrays being composed of a plurality of intelligent antenna array elements; the base station antenna array includes a plurality of first base station antenna array elements and second base station antenna array elements, and a plurality of first base station antenna array elements are located at upper end of the reflective plate, and the second base station antenna array elements are embedded in the gaps of the plurality of intelligent antenna array elements, and enclose the plurality of intelligent antenna array elements of the two adjacent intelligent antenna subarrays therein. by at least one second base station antenna array element enclosing a plurality of intelligent antenna array elements therein, the gaps of the intelligent antenna array are fully used, increasing the number of base station antenna array elements without increasing the size of the reflective plate, thereby achieving the purpose of improving the antenna gain, and facilitating the miniaturization of the antenna.
a smart device protective sleeve comprises a rear housing (1) and a cover plate (2). a membrane switch (2) is provided in the cover plate (2). a key window (4) corresponding to the position of a key part at a panel layer of the membrane switch (3) is provided on the outer end face of the cover plate (2). a lead-out line (10) of a lower line layer of the membrane switch (3) is lead out of the interior of the cover plate (2), and is provided with a pogo pin (5). the smart device is provided with an insertion hole (6). a pogo pin base (7) connected to a gpio pin of a smart device processor is provided in the smart device body. a contact of the pogo pin base (7) is exposed in the rear end of the insertion hole (6). also disclosed is a smart device kit, comprising a smart device and a smart device protective sleeve on the smart device.
disclosed are a network configuration method and a network device for dynamically selecting a mobility state machine and a tunnel type matching a terminal and increasing resource utilization efficiency. the method comprises: when a terminal accesses a network, determining an attribute of the terminal; determining, on the basis of the attribute of the terminal, a configuration parameter corresponding to the terminal; and directing or configuring, on the basis of the configuration parameter, the terminal and/or directing or configuring a related network function entity or node at a network side.
a system for controlling powertrain of an electric vehicle, comprising: a driver recognition module (10) configured to determine the identity information of the controlled vehicle's driver, and upload the identity information to a backend computing unit (20); the backend computing unit (20) located at a remote end of the controlled vehicle and configured to generate a first control information based on the driver's identity information; an assist control module (30) configured to generate a second control information based on the information related to current driving of the controlled vehicle which is acquired from the backend computing unit (20); and a control information application module (40) integrated in the controlled vehicle and configured to apply the first and second control information to the powertrain of the controlled vehicle. optimized control for powertrain is achieved and an excellent user experience is provided. the system can be implemented simply, and be updated and maintained conveniently.
a support for washing machine with automatic leveling function and a washing machine are provided. the support for washing machine comprises: a sheath (500); a regulating mechanism (300), which is arranged in the sheath (500) and is axially movable relative to the sheath; and a flexible body assembly (200), which is arranged in the regulating mechanism (300) and accommodates a hydraulic medium. one end of the flexible body assembly (200) is limited and arranged in the sheath (500), another end is a stretchable end which acts on the regulating mechanism (300). the stretchable end expands and contracts under the action of the hydraulic medium and drives the regulating mechanism (300) to move axially for automatic leveling. the flexible body assembly (200) comprises a flexible accommodating body, a mounting assembly for mounting the flexible accommodating body, and a protection mechanism provided between the mounting assembly and the flexible accommodating body for protecting the flexible accommodating body. the flexible body assembly (200) is limited and arranged in the sheath (500) to avoid any damage to the flexible body assembly (200). in addition, the arrangement of the protection mechanism avoids the flexible accommodating body from directly contacting with the mounting assembly which greatly reduces the chance of breakage of the flexible accommodating body and extends the service life.
the present disclosure provides a surface modified steel member with anti-corrosion properties formed by nickel and zinc penetration. the surface modified steel member includes alloy structures with anti-corrosion properties formed on a steel substrate. the surface modified steel member, from outside to inside, includes an alloy deposition layer and a metallic diffusion layer. the steel substrate is made of low-carbon steel or low-carbon alloy steel. the alloy deposition layer includes zinc ferrum alloys. the metallic diffusion layer includes pearlite crystals, ferrite crystals, and quenching and tempering structures. the surface modified steel material have good anti-corrosion properties, which generates no red rust after 500-6000 hours in a neutral salt spray test, and also generates no red rust after 120-240 hours in a sulfur dioxide test, thus can reduce the losses caused by steel corrosion. the present disclosure further provides a method for making the surface modified steel member formed by nickel and zinc penetration.
the present disclosure provides a surface modified steel member with anti-corrosion properties formed by nickel and zinc penetration. the surface modified steel member includes alloy structures with anti-corrosion properties formed on a steel substrate. the surface modified steel member, from outside to inside, includes an alloy deposition layer and a metallic diffusion layer. the steel substrate is made of medium-carbon steel or medium-carbon alloy steel. the alloy deposition layer includes zinc ferrum alloys. the metallic diffusion layer includes pearlite crystals, ferrite crystals, and quenching and tempering structures. the steel substrate comprising carbon element which has a content in a range from 0.3% to 0.65% in the steel substrate by weight. the surface modified steel member with anti-corrosion properties has a micro vickers hardness in a range from 240 to 500. the surface modified steel member has a good corrosion resistance, which can reduce the losses caused by steel corrosion. the present disclosure further provides a method for making the surface modified steel member formed by nickel and zinc penetration.
provided is steel bar transverse stepping conveying equipment, comprising a base (1), and a front movable clamp area (2) and a rear fixed clamp area (3) arranged on the base. the front movable clamp area (2) and the rear fixed clamp area (3) are connected by a rear fixed clamp area connecting guiderail mechanism (4) for relative translation. also disclosed is a method for controlling the steel bar transverse stepping conveying equipment. the steel bar transverse stepping conveying equipment is provided with a plurality of clamp mechanisms. a front-movable-clamp-area clamp (5) clamps the steel bar and shifts to a next position step by step; then the steel bar is clamped by a rear fixed clamp area clamp (10); the front-movable-clamp-area clamp (5) is released and returned to an original position; and the previous action is repeated until the stepping conveying of the steel bar is completed. the equipment is simple in structure, easy to operate, with accurate and efficient transport of a steel bar, and can greatly reduce labor costs.
disclosed are an electronic device and a method in a wireless communication system, and a wireless communication system. an electronic device at a base station end comprises a processing circuit, the processing circuit being configured to: configure, in response to request signalling from a user equipment, an aperiodic beam-forming reference signal relevant to a first beam group for the user equipment, wherein the first beam group is determined by a base station according to channel state information periodically fed back by the user equipment; generate downlink control information, so as to indicate that the user equipment feeds back beam selection information according to the aperiodic beam-forming reference signal; determine, according to the beam selection information, one or a plurality of candidate beams and one or a plurality of corresponding second pre-coding codebooks; and determine an effective pre-coding codebook based on the one or multiple second pre-coding codebooks. according to at least one embodiment, the problem of mismatching a pre-coding strategy caused by an expired pmi may be avoided, thereby optimizing the system performance.
the present application provides a network node encryption method, including: receiving a node encryption request, and acquiring node data information of a network node according to the node encryption request; transmitting an application to a trusted third party for an encryption certificate using the node data information; receiving a certificate verification request, and correlating a preset link of the network node with a verification file corresponding to the certificate verification request in response to the certificate verification request, so as to transmit a correlation result to the trusted third party; and receiving the encryption certificate, and deploying the encryption certificate on the network node. the present application further provides a network node encryption apparatus.
the present disclosure discloses a virtual reality (vr) scenario-based verification method, a vr device, and a storage medium. the method includes: receiving a verification request in a vr scenario; collecting to-be-verified fingerprint information by using a fingerprint collection device in a real scenario; sending the to-be-verified fingerprint information to a verification device in the real scenario; and receiving, in the vr scenario, verification result information sent by the verification device, where the verification result information is used to indicate whether the to-be-verified fingerprint information is authenticated or not. the present disclosure resolve a technical problem in the related technology that the payment efficiency in the vr scenario is relatively low because a payment verification system needs to be set up in the vr scenario during payment in the vr scenario.
provided are a method and a device for detecting a fund transaction route in an electronic payment process. the method comprises: generating an actual route code for a fund transaction based on a fund transaction identifier, the actual route code being used to represent an actual transaction route of fund in the fund transaction; obtaining a standard route code corresponding to the fund transaction identifier; and when the actual route code is identical to the standard route code, confirming correctness of the transaction route of the fund transaction. by generating an actual route code for representing an actual transaction route for a fund transaction process based on a fund transaction identifier and determining whether the fund transaction route is consistent with a preset route by comparing the actual route code with a standard route code, timely interventions can be taken when the routes are inconsistent so as to reduce financial losses to a user caused by inconsistency in the actual transaction route and to enhance the user experience.
the present application provides a data storage, data authentication, and data tracing method and apparatus, comprising: determining a first check value of a first data version of a target object (101), searching for a second check value of a second data version of the target object that is adjacent to the first data version (102); creating a data block based on the first check value and the second check value (103) and storing the data block in a blockchain (104). by storing the first check value of the first data version of the target object in the blockchain in the form of a data block, as the blockchain has the feature of being immutable, when a data requester obtains the data content corresponding to a first data version of a target object, it can check, based on the first check value stored in the blockchain, whether the data content corresponding to the first data version has been modified, thereby determining the authenticity of the data content corresponding to the first data version, effectively solving the problem of inability to determine the authenticity of data content due to easy modification of data content, and increasing the data analysis efficiency of the data requester.
provided are an electronic expansion valve (100), a control system, and a control method, comprising: a step motor (10) and a hall sensor (3); the step motor comprises a rotor (1) and a stator (2); the rotor comprises a permanent magnet; the hall sensor is provided on the outer periphery of the permanent magnet; the hall sensor and rotor are arranged in the radial direction, and the stator and hall sensor are arranged in the axial direction; the main-body part (31) of the hall sensor is used for sensing the magnetic pole change of said permanent magnet; such a structure reduces the effect that an operating environment has on the hall sensor when detecting a signal.
a fiber-reinforced rigid polyurethane foam composite railway sleeper with high fiber content and a manufacturing method thereof are disclosed. the railway sleeper is formed by bonding a plurality of fiber-reinforced rigid polyurethane foam composite boards with high fiber content (10) by a binder (11), and the outer surface of the railway sleeper is provided with an anticorrosive paint film (12). the fiber-reinforced rigid polyurethane foam composite boards with high fiber content (10) include a polyurethane resin as a matrix material and a fiber as a reinforcing material. in the present invention, the problem of insufficient impregnation of the polyurethane and the fiber is solved by using a plurality of technical means such as using a mixed polyether polyol having a low hydroxyl value and a low functionality, using a coupling agent, etc., thus the fiber content is increased and a fiber-reinforced rigid polyurethane foam composite product having a density higher than 840 kg/m3 and a fiber content greater than 60% is capable of being manufactured, which fills in the technical gap of fiber-reinforced rigid polyurethane foam composite railway sleepers and makes a diversification of the product specifications and performance to meet various technical requirements.
a method and a system for setting up an electronic cigarette are provided. the method includes: s1, the cloud server obtaining an information in data packet from a setup information database, and sending the obtained information in data packet to the electronic cigarette; and s2, the electronic cigarette receiving the information in data packet, selecting one set of information from the information in data packet, and setting parameters of the electronic cigarette according to the selected set of information. the method obtain the information in data packet from the cloud server and automatically set up the electronic cigarette up accordingly. thus, the setup method for the electronic cigarette is simplified. furthermore, the cloud server can establish and extend the setup information database based on strong analysis and calculation abilities. the setup information database is capable of being updated and modified, the cloud server can send information as to updates and modifications as data packet to the cloud server in real time. thus, the user experience can be improved
provided are a method for controlling a transmit power, a mobile station and a base station. the method for controlling a transmit power can be used on the mobile station. the method comprises: obtaining a power control pattern, the power control pattern being information about to a solution for controlling a transmit power; determining, according to the power control pattern, a reference power control parameter used on the mobile station; and determining a transmit power of the mobile station according to the reference power control parameter. according to the method for controlling a transmit power in an embodiment of the present disclosure, user equipments sends signals to a base station by using proper transmit powers, so that a base station side can differentiate different user equipments according to differences of received transmit powers of multiple users that use non-orthogonal multiple access.
an array substrate, a method for fabricating the same, and a display device are disclosed. the array substrate comprises a substrate and a plurality of pixel units on the substrate. each pixel unit comprises one of thin film transistors and one of ileds. a drain of each thin film transistor is connected with a first pole of each iled through a first electrode line, and a second pole of each iled is connected with a second electrode line. since the iled has advantages of small size, high brightness, high contrast, light in weight, low consumption, wide gamut, high efficiency, long lifetime, quick response or the like, the array substrate onto which ileds are applied by transferring has a high resolution, an improved display effect or the like. (fig. 1)
disclosed are an object provided with a two-dimensional code, a method for generating a two-dimensional code, a recognition method, a generation apparatus, a recognition apparatus and a storage medium. the two-dimensional code is composed of a square module array in the form of m modules * m modules. the square module array comprises a position detection graph and a data information graph. the position detection graph is used for determining the position of the two-dimensional code. the data information graph is used for carrying data, wherein m = 17, 18, 19 or 20. even though the miniature two-dimensional code provided in the embodiment of the present application is printed into a miniature region with the length of a side being 0.5-0.7 cm, recognition can be performed normally, and thus the two-dimensional code is suitable for use in a small-region application scenario, such as the inner side of a bottle cap, the corner of an object, etc.
a nanocrystalline material based on a stainless steel surface. in percentage by weight, the nanocrystalline material comprises: 0 to 3% of carbon, 20% to 35% of oxygen, 40% to 53% of chromium, 10% to 35% of ferrum, 0 to 4% of molybdenum, 1% to 4% of nickel, 0 to 2.5% of silicon, 0 to 2% of calcium, and the balance of impurity elements. also disclosed is a preparation method for the nanocrystalline material, and the nanocrystalline material that is based on a stainless steel surface and that is prepared by using the preparation method.
an anti-coking nanomaterial based on a stainless steel surface. in percentage by weight, the nanomaterial comprises: 0 to 3% of carbon, 23% to 38% of oxygen, 38% to 53% of chromium, 10% to 35% of ferrum, 0 to 2% of molybdenum, 0 to 4% of nickel, 3.5 to 5% of silicon, 0 to 1% of calcium, and the balance of impurity elements. also disclosed are a preparation method for the anti-coking nanomaterial, the anti-coking nanomaterial that is based on a stainless steel surface and that is prepared by using the preparation method, and a stainless steel substrate comprising the anti-coking nanocrystalline material.
disclosed are a method for notification of a repetitive pattern of uplink data, a method for determining a repetitive pattern of uplink data, and a corresponding user equipment and base station. the method for notification of a repetitive pattern of uplink data comprises: selecting one of a plurality of repetitive patterns as a repetitive pattern of uplink data; and explicitly or implicitly notifying a base station of the selected repetitive pattern by means of the uplink data. the method for determining a repetitive pattern of uplink data comprises: receiving uplink data; and determining a repetitive pattern of the uplink data according to information comprised in the uplink data or a sending manner of the uplink data. by means of the above methods, a base station is notified of a repetitive pattern selected by ue, so that the base station can correctly determine a sending timing of feedback information, thereby preventing a problem in which a sending timing of expected feedback information of the ue is inconsistent with the sending timing of the feedback information determined by the base station.
an imageable coating, a thermal negative-working lithography printing plate, and a platemaking method therefor. the imageable coating comprises the following constituents in parts by weight: a radically polymerizable compound 20-60 parts, a radiation-absorbing compound 0.5-12 parts, a free radical initiator 1-25 parts, a binding agent 10-70 parts, and a development accelerator 0.5-15 parts. the platemaking method comprises the following steps: s1, manufacturing a printing plate precursor, the printing plate precursor comprising a substrate having a hydrophilic surface or being provided with a hydrophilic layer and the imageable coating covering the substrate; s2, patternedly exposing the printing plate precursor, thus forming an exposed area and an unexposed area; and s3, removing the unexposed area via a development process. the employment of the imageable coating and the plate making method allows the implementation of a flexible development process of "in-unit development" or "off-unit development" and produces a printing plate provided with great printing performance.
disclosed in the present invention is a balanced magnetoresistive frequency mixer. the balanced magnetoresistive frequency mixer comprises a first spiral coil, a second spiral coil, a balanced magnetoresistive sensor bridge, and a magnetic shielding layer. the first spiral coil and the second spiral coil are respectively located between the magnetic shielding layer and the balanced magnetoresistive sensor bridge. the balanced magnetoresistive sensor bridge comprises a magnetoresistive full bridge consisting of four magnetoresistive bridge arms and a balancing magnetoresistive bridge arm connected to the power supply end of the magnetoresistive full bridge. the four magnetoresistive bridge arms contain pairs that are located in a first sub region and a second sub region above or below the first spiral coil, wherein the sub regions are regions in which the current flows in opposite directions, the balancing magnetoresistive arm is located in a third sub region above or below the second spiral coil where the current flows in one direction, a first frequency signal is input into the first spiral coil, a second frequency signal is input into the second spiral coil, and a frequency-mixed signal is output from a signal output end of the magnetoresistive full bridge. this frequency mixer has mutually isolated input signals and a power supply, in addition to good linearity and simple structure.
embodiments of the present invention provide a resource determining method, a base station, and a mobile station. the resource determining method executed by a base station in an embodiment of the present invention comprises: for each of multiple mobile station groups corresponding to a base station, determining resource allocation for uplink transmission of the mobile station group; and determining a resource offset set for the multiple mobile station groups, the resource offset set comprising multiple resource candidate offsets, so that a mobile station connected to the base station determines an uplink transmission resource of the mobile station according to the resource allocation of the mobile station group where the mobile station is located and a resource candidate offset in the resource offset set.
provided herein is a non-invasive transportation method, relating to the field of transdermal transportation, which is capable of improving absorption of active ingredients by skin. the non-invasive transportation method comprises: applying needlelike crystals onto the skin, wherein the needlelike crystals form a micro-channel array in epidermis. the method is applicable to transdermal transportation of active ingredients, and more commonly used in cosmetic methods.
the present disclosure relates to novel crystalline forms of ozanimod and preparation method thereof. the provided crystalline forms of ozanimod comprise crystalline form cs9, crystalline form cs10 and crystalline form cs11, and can be used for treating autoimmune diseases, particularly used for preparing drugs for treating multiple sclerosis and ulcerative colitis. the crystalline forms of the present disclosure have one or more advantages in solubility, stability, hygroscopicity and processability and provide new and better choices for the preparation of ozanimod drug product, and are very valuable for drug development.
the present invention relates to an automatic working system, including: a self-moving device, configured to move and work in a working area, where the self-moving device includes a housing, a moving module, and a control module, and the control module controls the moving module to actuate the self-moving device to move; the self-moving device includes an energy consumption device, where the energy consumption device includes a device that consumes energy for actuating the self-moving device to move and work; and the self-moving device further includes: a photoelectric conversion unit, where the photoelectric conversion unit receives optical energy and converts the received optical energy into electric energy; and an energy storage unit, configured to store the electric energy obtained by conversion by the photoelectric conversion unit, where effective working electric energy that is received by the energy consumption device from the photoelectric conversion unit and that is converted by the photoelectric conversion unit is greater than or equal to energy consumed by the energy consumption device to actuate the self-moving device to move and work.
[object] to provide a sound-producing device that includes an armature inserted into a coil and facing a magnet and a yoke optimized to stabilize the sound pressure level at high frequencies.[solution] a sound-producing device includes, in a case, a yoke formed of a magnetic material, a magnet supported by the yoke, a coil, an armature extending through the coil and facing the magnet, and a vibrator configured to vibrate in response to operation of the armature. the yoke is formed of an fe-ni alloy containing 32% by mass to 40% by mass of ni. this allows for a reduction in ripple noise level r1 at high frequencies.
[object] to propose an information processing device, an information processing method, and a program which are capable of improving convenience in a situation in which a process is executed on the basis of speech.[solution] an information processing device, including: an acquiring unit configured to acquire collected speech; and a process executing unit configured to perform a predetermined process on the basis of the speech and a plurality of display objects in a first display range corresponding to a current display range.
[object] to propose an information processing device, an information processing method, and a program which are capable of generating an appropriate order plan for products which are repeatedly purchased.[solution] an information processing device, including: an acquiring unit configured to acquire information of a plurality of types of products which are repeatedly purchased by a user; and an order planning unit configured to generate an order plan related to a plurality of orders of the plurality of types of products on the basis of a predetermined index.
a common c-plane control node (301) that is a communication control device includes a change request acquiring unit (310) that acquires a change request relating to changing of a communication path relating to ue (90) that is a user terminal, a determination unit (320) that determines whether or not the ue (90) relating to the change request has set up the communication path in each of control nodes of a plurality of slices using information included in the change request acquired by the change request acquiring unit (310), and a communication processing unit (330) that performs a process relating to changing of a communication path while forming a state in which the communication path before change and the communication path after change coexist for each of a plurality of communication paths set up in the control nodes of the plurality of slices in a case in which the determination unit (320) determines that the ue (90) relating to the change request has set up the communication path in each of the plurality of slices.
a negative-electrode active material 10 is constituted by a particle containing a core 11 and a coat layer 14 coating at least a part of a surface of the core 11. the core 11 is made of a nickel silicide-based material and a silicon oxide-based material, and the coat layer 14 is made of a nickel silicate-based material.
a technique for inspecting a surface form of an object with high accuracy is provided. a first imaging unit images a first region to be subjected to mirror finish treatment of an inspection region of a surface of the object. a second imaging unit images a second region not to be subjected to the mirror finish treatment of the inspection region of the surface of the object. an inspection unit inspects a form of the first region based on a first picked-up image taken by the first imaging unit, and a form of the second region based on a second picked-up image taken by the second imaging unit. during imaging, a holder holds the object so as to have a positional relationship in which the first region has a normal along a first direction rather than a second direction. thus, a state of a mirror surface of the first region is grasped with high precision, and a shape of irregularities of the second region is grasped with high accuracy.
[object] an object of the present technology is to provide an information processing apparatus, an information processing system, and an information processing method capable of allowing a user to approach a destination intuitively.[solving means] an information processing apparatus according to the present technology includes a position-coordinate acquisition part, a direction acquisition part, a direction calculation part, and a haptic-feedback determining part. the position-coordinate acquisition part acquires a position coordinate of the information processing apparatus. the direction acquisition part acquires an apparatus direction that the information processing apparatus faces. the direction calculation part calculates a target direction being a direction of a target with respect to the information processing apparatus from a position coordinate of the target and the position coordinate of the information processing apparatus. the haptic-feedback determining part determines a haptic feedback to be presented to a user on the basis of an angle formed by the apparatus direction and the target direction.
in my pneumatic tire, a circumferential belt is formed by a spirally wound band strip, the tread includes at least three circumferential land portions, cords of the inclined belt layer are steel cords, the total cross-sectional area of the steel cords per 25 mm of width perpendicular to the extending direction of the steel cords is from 2.3 to 4.0 mm2, a gap is present in the tire width direction between each lap of the band strip, and the relational expression w/{(w + 2d) + 0.3  w} ≥ 1.0 is satisfied, where w is the width in the tire width direction of the circumferential land portion with the smallest width among the circumferential land portions, w is the width of the band strip in the tire width direction, and d is the width of the gap in the tire width direction between each lap of the band strip.
a driving controller drives a first radio wave detector in a habitable room in a first driving mode for not modulating a radiation frequency of radio waves, and drives a second radio wave detector in the habitable room in a second driving mode for modulating the radiation frequency of the radio waves. a radiation frequency of the first driving mode is included in a modulation width of a radiation frequency modulated in the second driving mode. the driving controller selects any of a simultaneous driving pattern, a partial driving pattern, and a combination of the simultaneous driving pattern and the partial driving pattern that have been temporally shifted from each other. in the simultaneous driving pattern, the driving controller simultaneously drives the first radio wave detector and the second radio wave detector so that a difference is constantly generated between respective radiation frequencies. in the partial driving pattern, the driving controller only drives one of the first radio wave detector and the second radio wave detector, and stops driving of the other.
a light source device 100 has a light source 101 which emits light to be irradiated, a chromaticity measurement part (spectrometer) 109 for measuring the chromaticity of the emitted light emitted by the light source, a chromaticity adjustment part 120 capable of placing/removing chromaticity adjustment-use filters cha and chb onto/from the light path lp of the emitted light and capable of adjusting the chromaticity of the emitted light by placement/removal of the chromaticity adjustment-use filters, and a control part 400 which monitors a change of the chromaticity of the emitted light according to the results of measurement of the chromaticity measurement part and controls placement/removal of the chromaticity adjustment-use filters of the chromaticity adjustment part onto/from the light path lp so that the chromaticity becomes the chromaticity which is set in advance as a target. due to this, the light source device 100 can emit light having the same color even in the face of changes along with the elapse of time and variations in the specifications of the optical parts.
this system is provided with: a conveying device 1 that conveys paper p along a conveying path f; a sheet paper supply device 2, paper-folding device, or cutter connected to an upstream end of the conveying path; a gathering device 3 disposed midway through the conveying path; a saddle stitch device 7 connected to a downstream end of the conveying path; and a management unit 13 that collectively controls the conveying device, the sheet paper supply device, the paper-folding device, the cutter, the gathering device, and the saddle stitch device. the gathering device can switch operation between a non-operating mode, a first operating mode for operating as a primary gathering device, and a second operating mode for operating as a paper insertion device.
to provide a method for manufacturing a stretchable sheet capable of suppressing neck-in.in a supplying step, a stretchable elastic film 30 is interposed in a stretched state between a first sheet layer 21 having no elasticity and a second sheet layer 22 having no elasticity. in the supplying step, heat melt energy is applied to a region of a large number of bonded portions spaced apart from each other by a heat melting apparatus from the outside of the first sheet layer 21 and the second sheet layer 22 to melt the elastic film 30. the first sheet layer 21 and the second sheet layer 22 are bonded directly or via an elastic film at the large number of bonded portions. the elastic film 30 is caused to pass through the counter roll 63 and the nip roll 65 to pass along the counter roll 63 and then pass along the anvil roll 60, and the elastic film 30 is stretched by making the circumferential speed of the anvil roll 60 faster than the circumferential speed of the counter roll 63.
a guide wire includes a flexible first core wire, and a flexible second core wire configured separately from the first core wire. in the guide wire, the first core wire has a first plate-shaped portion having a plate shape, and a first linear portion provided continuously on a proximal side of the first plate-shaped portion and having a linear shape thinner than the first plate-shaped portion, and the second core wire has a second plate-shaped portion having a plate shape and disposed to overlap the first linear portion, and a second linear portion that is provided continuously on a distal side of the second plate-shaped portion, has a linear shape thinner than the second plate-shaped portion, and is disposed to overlap the first plate-shaped portion.
an imaging control device including: a control unit that is able to adjust a parameter of a correction signal for correcting a flickering component included in a captured image before imaging of the captured image starts.
[object] to provide an information processing apparatus, an information processing method, and a program.[solution] an information processing apparatus includes: an information acquisition unit configured to acquire input information of a user that includes a time lag between an input start and an input end, in a mode in which a plurality of contents are consecutively provided via at least one non-content period; and an output control unit configured, in a case where the input information is acquired in a content period in which first content or second content to be provided at a time later than the first content is being provided, to cause an output unit to output first output information on the basis of the input information, the first content and the second content being included in the plurality of contents, and in a case where the input information is acquired in the non-content period existing between the first content and the second content, to cause the output unit to output second output information different from the first output information, on the basis of the input information.
this invention provides a highly reliable separator integrated gasket for fuel cells free from deformation of a separator in a gasket molding process. in order to achieve the object, a pair of separators (1, 2) having adjacent portions approaching each other and separation portions separating from each other in a stacked state and having manifold holes (1a, 2a) opened in the separation portions are stacked via a spacer (3) in which an inner peripheral hole (3a) is opened and which enables the circulation of a fluid in a direction orthogonal to the stacking direction so that the manifold hole (1a, 2a) and the inner peripheral hole (3a) are continuous to each other, a stacked object of the separators (1, 2) and the spacer (3) is disposed in a mold (30), and then a rubber molding material is charged into and cured in gasket molding cavities (33, 34) defined between a surface opposite to the spacer (3) in the separator (1) and the mold (30).
a pneumatic tire (1) that can achieve performance on snow and steering stability in a compatible manner. the pneumatic tire (1) includes: a center main groove (21) extending in a tire circumferential direction; a center land portion (11) defined by the center main groove (21); a second land portion (12) located adjacent to the center land portion (11) across the center main groove (21); and a second lug groove (45) extending from the center main groove (21) toward the second land portion (12) in a tire lateral direction and defining the second land portion (12) together with the center main groove (21); the center main groove (21) including a center side edge portion (31) corresponding to an edge portion (30) on the center land portion (11) side, the center side edge portion (31) including a bent portion (35) formed bent in a direction outwards in a groove width direction of the center main groove (21) with an acute bend angle (); and the second lug groove (45) including an opening portion (46) to the center main groove (21) connected to the center main groove (21) at a position opposing the bent portion (35).
an object of the invention is to provide a yellow ink composition for nonaqueous inkjet that achieves excellent density and weather resistance on printed matters whose printing surface is constituted by a polyvinyl chloride polymer, ethylene-vinyl acetate copolymer, or other vinyl polymer or the like, while also ensuring excellent discharge stability, even in a high-speed printing mode. to this end, a yellow ink composition for nonaqueous inkjet is provided that contains, as the pigment, c. i. pigment yellow 150 and c. i. pigment yellow 83 at a ratio by mass, calculated by "c. i. pigment yellow 150/c. i. pigment yellow 83," of 5/5 to 9/1, and further contains a pigment dispersant, a resin, and an organic solvent.
a composition for a non-aqueous secondary battery functional layer including a particulate polymer, wherein the particulate polymer is a copolymer containing 20% by weight or more and 80% by weight or less of an aromatic monovinyl monomer unit; and 0.01% by weight or more and 2% by weight or less of a polyvalent ethylenically unsaturated crosslinkable monomer unit, a volume-average particle diameter d of the particulate polymer is 0.5 m or more and 5 m or less, and a swelling degree of the particulate polymer to an electrolyte solution is more than 1 time and 3 times or less; and a non-aqueous secondary battery including the same.
a composition for a non-aqueous secondary battery porous membrane including inorganic particles and a particulate polymer, wherein a volume-average particle diameter d0 of the inorganic particles is 0.1 m or more and 1.0 m or less, a weight ratio between the inorganic particles and the particulate polymer is within a range of 95:5 to 50:50, and a volume-average particle diameter d1 of the particulate polymer and the volume-average particle diameter d0 of the inorganic particles satisfy d1/d0 > 1; and a non-aqueous secondary battery including the same.
an automated sample inspection system is provided with: a conveyance line 201 for conveying sample carriers 100; an empty sample carrier line 202 for conveying empty sample carriers 100; and a buffer line 203 for temporarily holding empty sample carriers 100 supplied from the empty sample carrier line 202 to the conveyance line 201. according to the depletion status of the buffer line 203 of each processing system, and the depletion status of other processing systems adjacent to each processing system, the number of empty sample carriers 100 to be conveyed from the empty sample carrier line 202 to the buffer line 203 of each processing system, and the number of empty sample carriers 100 to be conveyed from the empty sample carrier line 202 of each processing system to the empty sample carrier line 202 of another adjacent processing system are determined. in doing so, delays in the processes in the system can be suppressed due to the suppression of the depletion of sample carriers.
there are provided a dispensing inspection device and a dispensing inspection method that inspect drugs packaged in a packaging bag. the dispensing inspection device includes a transport passage that transports a packaging bag in which drugs are packaged, an imaging unit that images the drugs packaged in the packaging bag on the transport passage, a dispersion mechanism that disperses the drugs packaged in the packaging bag on the transport passage, and an inspection unit that inspects the drugs on the basis of an image of the drugs taken by the imaging unit. the dispersion mechanism includes: a column that is positioned on a side of a second surface of the packaging bag and is disposed in a direction crossing the packaging bag; a first pressing member that is positioned on a side of a first surface of the packaging bag, is disposed on an upstream side of the column in a transport direction, and presses the first surface of the packaging bag; and a second pressing member that is disposed on a downstream side of the column in the transport direction and presses the first surface of the packaging bag. the first and second pressing members are independently movable in a direction opposite to a pressing direction, relative positions of the column, the first pressing member, and the second pressing member are fixed, and the dispersion mechanism and the packaging bag are movable relative to each other in the transport direction.
[object] an issue is to provide a member that exhibits high load capacity and rigidity when joined to another member.[solution] provided is a member 1 having a transverse cross section that includes a top sheet 2, upper ridgelines 4, vertical walls 3, lower ridgelines 5, and floor flanges 9, and including, on at least one end portions in the extending directions of the upper ridgelines 4, a top sheet flange 11 via a top sheet ridgeline 6 and vertical wall flanges 10 via vertical wall ridgelines 7, in which the vertical wall flange 10 and the floor flange 9 are continuous, and in end portions of the upper ridgelines 4 and the lower ridgelines 5, the sum total ∑r of the radii of curvature of corner portions of the vertical walls and the sum total ∑l of the widths of the top sheet 2 and the vertical walls 3 in an end portion of the member have the relation of ∑r/∑l ≤ 0.13. the member 1 is produced by performing a first step of performing press molding on a blank 26 to form, in a shrink flange manner, flange ridgelines 8 and thereby producing an intermediate molded product 27 including at least the flange ridgelines 8 and a second step of performing press molding on the intermediate molded product 27 to produce the member 1.
a method for preventing or treating porcine epidemic diarrhea, the method including: administering a live vaccine of a porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and an adjuvant to a pig through oral administration or nasal administration; and administering an inactivated vaccine of the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus and an adjuvant to the pig through intramuscular administration.
a production method for glass tubes (11), comprising: a step in which a through-hole (15) is formed in a tube wall on a first end (16a) side of a glass tube (16); and a step in which, after the through-hole (15) has been formed, a sealed section (13) is formed as a result of a prescribed location from the first end (16a) of the glass tube (16) to the through-hole (15) being heat-treated.
according to an aspect of the present disclosure, a heat processing torch is provided. the heat processing torch includes a sensor unit and a notification unit. the sensor unit detects a temperature at a predetermined position of the heat processing torch. the notification unit reports information, and gives notification of the temperature detected by the sensor unit.
a coating removal tool includes a base part and a cover part, to remove a coating of an optical fiber by overlapping the cover part and the base part with each other via the optical fiber, in which a glass fiber is covered with the coating, the base part and the cover part are made of resin, and include at least a pair of coating removal blades including a base front blade portion provided on the base part and a cover front blade portion provided on the cover part, the base part includes a v-groove which sandwiches the optical fiber in either one or both of a front and rear of the optical fiber in the longitudinal direction with respect to the base front blade portion, and the cover part includes a v-groove which sandwiches the optical fiber, and the v-groove is provided on a side where the v-groove exists in the front and rear of the longitudinal direction with respect to the cover front blade portion in a state where the cover part and the base part are overlapped with each other.
provided is a low-cost, compact image display device capable of displaying a suitable image using holograms. this image display device includes: a display section in which a single-exposure hologram and a multiple-exposure hologram are arranged side by side; a plurality of optical units that emits light toward the single-exposure hologram and the multiple-exposure hologram; and a control section that at least partially controls the amount of light emitted from the optical units. the control section controls the amount of light emitted from the optical units such that the intensity of diffracted light emitted from the single-exposure hologram to enter the eye of the observer and the intensity of diffracted light emitted from the multiple-exposure hologram to enter the eye of the observer approach one another, with a boundary interposed between the single-exposure hologram and the multiple-exposure hologram.
a cutting tool shim is to be disposed between a cutting insert and a holder and to be fixed to the holder. the cutting insert includes a flank face and a rake face continuous with the flank face. the ridgeline between the flank face and the rake face forms a cutting edge. the cutting edge includes an arc-shaped portion. a coolant supply path for jetting coolant to the arc-shaped portion is provided in the cutting tool shim, the coolant being supplied from the holder. the coolant supply path includes a lead-in port for leading the coolant from the holder to the coolant supply path, and a jetting port for arc-shaped portion for jetting the coolant to the arc-shaped portion. the jetting port for arc-shaped portion has a curved shape along the arc-shaped portion. the distance between the jetting port for arc-shaped portion and the arc-shaped portion is not less than 2.2 mm and not more than 8.1 mm.
provided is a discharge circuit for a capacitor, capable of performing discharge control even if a discharge-controlling switch element for controlling discharge of the capacitor is subjected to a failure. the discharge circuit is a discharge circuit for a capacitor provided between a charging circuit and a ground, the discharge circuit including: a control unit 1 for performing control of charge and discharge on the capacitor 3; a first discharge circuit having a first discharge resistor 5, a first discharge-controlling switch element 6, and a first breaking switch element 7 which are connected in series, the first discharge circuit being connected in parallel to the capacitor 3; and a second discharge circuit having a second discharge resistor 8, a second discharge-controlling switch element 9, and a second breaking switch element 10 which are connected in series, the second discharge circuit being connected in parallel to the capacitor 3, wherein the first discharge circuit is used in a normal state, and discharge of the capacitor 3 is controlled through opening and closing of the first discharge-controlling switch element 6 in a state where the first breaking switch element 7 is on.
there are provided: a composition for forming a water repellent film that can form a water repellent film not only excellent in water repellency but also excellent in abrasion resistance, particularly in abrasion resistance evaluated under close-to-actual-use conditions where a light resistance test is combined; a water repellent film formed by using the composition for forming a water repellent film; a substrate with a water repellent film including the water repellent film provided on at least part of a substrate; and an article including the substrate with a water repellent film. the composition for forming a water repellent film contains, at a predetermined quantitative ratio of a hydrolyzable silane compound (1) having a perfluoroalkyl group and having no ether bond; and a compound (21) that has a poly(oxyfluoroalkylene) group and a plurality of hydrolyzable silyl groups with a specific structure and that has a number average molecular weight of 3000 or more.
an object is to modify, for example, an aligning mechanism such that in a disk rotation type medicine feeder and a tablet splitting apparatus, tablets are successively fed at appropriate intervals which are not too sparse and not too dense. a turntable is divided into an inner part (50) and an outer part (40). the angular speed of a large-diameter turntable 40 is made higher than the angular speed of a small-diameter turntable 50, and a tablet transfer path 32 of a straightening guide 30 is configured to be a spiral path extending from an inner end portion 32a to an outer end portion 32b. this enables tablets to be successively fed at appropriate intervals. additionally, a tablet contact portion (64) of a tablet holding mechanism is reciprocated with respect to a temporary holding area 62 located before the outer end portion 32b. a tablet is temporarily held in the temporary holding area (62) and when a long narrow blade insertion slit 43 in the large-diameter turntable 40 reaches the temporary holding area (62), a tablet cutting blade of a tablet cutting mechanism is reciprocated with respect to the temporary holding area and a blade insertion notch (62, 63) to split the tablet. the resulting cutting dust is dropped from the blade insertion slit 43 or small holes 42 to be separated from the split tablets. the split tablets are then dropped from a discharge port 61.
it is to provide a method for efficiently removing impurities such as sodium ions, fluoride ions, chloride ions and fluorosulfate ions without reducing the yield of a target product. in the present invention, a fluorine-containing sulfonylamide compound selected from the group consisting of fluorine-containing sulfonylamide, a metal salt thereof, an ammonium salt thereof and a quaternary ammonium salt thereof is washed with an aqueous solution of salt of sulfuric acid.
in a slice management device 10, a storage request accepting unit 11 acquires correspondence information in which a service, a slice, and tracking areas are associated with each other. a presence-in-area identifying unit 13 identifies a presence-in-area status of a ue 130. an assignment unit 14 assigns a slice corresponding to a service used by the ue 130 and tracking areas represented by the correspondence information. in this case, the slice management device 10 assigns a slice to a service in accordance with the presence-in-area status of the ue 130, and accordingly, a slice assigned to the service can be dynamically changed.
a sheet-shaped hollow fiber membrane module includes a casing having a flat shape, the casing including a supply port and a discharge port, and a plurality of hollow fiber membranes accommodated inside the casing. the casing includes a plurality of the supply ports on one main surface of the casing and a plurality of the discharge ports on the other main surface of the casing, at least one of the plurality of the supply ports is closable, and at least one of the plurality of the discharge ports is closable. each of the plurality of hollow fiber membranes includes a first opening at one end of the hollow fiber membrane and a second opening at the other end of the hollow fiber membrane, and the first opening and the second opening communicate with an outside of the casing and do not communicate with an inside of the casing.
a storage request accepting unit 11 acquires correspondence information in which a service, a slice, and context information are associated with each other. a status acquiring unit 13 acquires positional information of a ue 130 and identifies staying information from the positional information. an assignment unit 14 assigns a slice corresponding to a service used by the ue 130 and context information represented by the correspondence information. in this case, a slice management device 10 assigns a slice to a service in accordance with the context information such as a staying status or the like of the ue 130, and accordingly, a slice assigned to the service can be dynamically changed.
the present technology relates to an image processing device, an image processing method, and an imaging device capable of correcting an image according to characteristics peculiar to each lens without executing an individual adjustment process.an image processing device according to a first aspect of the present technology includes a quantitative value calculating unit which calculates a quantitative value of a sample image based on an obtained image, an average value calculating unit which calculates an average value of the quantitative values calculated from a plurality of the sample images, a holding unit which holds the calculated average value of the quantitative values, and a correcting unit which corrects an imaged image on the basis of the held average value of the quantitative values. the present technology can be applied to a digital camera.
the present technology relates to an acoustic signal processing apparatus, an acoustic signal processing method and a program which can widen the variations of the configuration of a virtual surround system that stabilizes the localization sensation of a virtual speaker.crosstalk correction processing is performed on a first binaural signal based on a sound source opposite side hrtf and a second binaural signal based on a sound source side hrtf. a first acoustic signal and a second acoustic signal are generated. a component of a first frequency band, in which a first notch of the sound source opposite side hrtf appears, and a component of a second frequency band, in which a second notch appears, are attenuated in an input signal or the second binaural signal, thereby attenuating the component of the first frequency band and the component of the second frequency band of the first acoustic signal and the second acoustic signal. an auxiliary signal including a component of a third frequency band of the input signal or the second binaural signal, in which the component of the first frequency band and the component of the second frequency band are attenuated, is added to the first acoustic signal, and a third acoustic signal is generated. the present technology can be applied to, for example, an av amplifier.
this false twist yarn comprises dyeable polyolefin fibers which are characterized as being polymer alloy fibers each having a sea-island structure in which a polyolefin (a) is the sea component and a polyester (b) having cyclohexanedicarboxylic acid compolymerized therein is the island component, and in which the dispersion diameter of the island component in a fiber cross-section is 30-1000 nm, wherein the number of the polymer alloy fibers is three or more, and the polymer alloy fibers have physical properties (1) and (2): (1) crimp recovery (cr) being 10-40%; and (2) hot-water dimensional change being 0.0-7.0%. as a result, a polyolefin false twist yarn capable of developing vivid and profound colors is provided even though the polyolefin fibers therein are light in weight.
in each of analog circuits 11 in a multiply-accumulate operation device 10, electric charges, each of the electric charges having a size depending on each of values of n+ electric signals and each of values of positive loads corresponding to the n+ electric signals, are held in a first capture-and-storage means 19, electric charges, each of the electric charges having a size depending on each of values of (n-n+) electric signals and each of absolute values of negative loads corresponding to the (n-n+) electric signals, are held in a second capture-and-storage means 27, a sum of n+ multiplied values obtained by multiplying each of the positive loads corresponding to the n+ electric signals by each of the values of the n+ electric signals respectively is calculated when detecting that a voltage held in the first capture-and-storage means 19 reaches a first threshold, a sum of (n-n+) multiplied values obtained by multiplying each of the absolute values of the negative loads corresponding to the (n-n+) electric signals by each of the values of the (n-n+) electric signals respectively is calculated when detecting that a voltage held in the second capture-and-storage means 27 reaches a second threshold, and a sum of n multiplied values is obtained by subtracting the sum of (n-n+) multiplied values from the sum of n+ multiplied values.
the present disclosure relates to a signal processing apparatus, a signal processing method, and a program that are aimed at enabling growth conditions of vegetation to be easily confirmed.an ndvi relative value calculation section calculates a relative value to an average of a vegetation index from the vegetation index indicative of growth conditions of grass, which is calculated on the basis of a sensing image and a display processing section performs processing to allow an image indicative of the growth conditions of an inspection object to be displayed on the basis of the relative value. further, an ndvi average calculation section calculates an ndvi average obtained by averaging normalized difference vegetation indexes ndvi indicative of the growth conditions of the grass in the entire grass, and a correlation coefficient calculation section calculates a correlation coefficient that matches the ndvi average with a predetermined ndvi specified value. further, the ndvi relative value calculation section applies the correlation coefficient and calculates an ndvi relative value relative to the ndvi average in each measurement unit in which a measurement is performed on the grass. the present technology can be applied, for example, to a vegetation inspection apparatus that inspects vegetation of the grass.
the present technology relates to a sound processing device and a method that can present progress of sound reproduction.the sound processing device includes a control unit for controlling a sound output that aurally expresses progress of sound reproduction with respect to an entirety of the sound reproduction according to the reproduction of a sound. the present technology can be applied to a sound speech progress presentation ui system.
the present technology relates to an interaction control apparatus and a method that enable more appropriate interaction control to be performed.the interaction control apparatus includes an interaction progress controller that causes an utterance to be made in one or a plurality of understanding action request positions on the basis of utterance text that has been divided in the one or the plurality of understanding action request positions, the utterance inducing a user to perform an understanding action, and that controls a next utterance on the basis of a result of detecting the understanding action and the utterance text. the present technology is applicable to a speech interaction system.
an x-ray inspection apparatus includes an x-ray irradiation unit that irradiates an article with x-rays, an x-ray detection unit that detects the x-rays transmitted through the article, an inspection unit that generates an x-ray transmission image of the article based on a signal output from the x-ray detection unit and performs inspection of the article based on the x-ray transmission image, and a control unit that controls the x-ray irradiation unit and the x-ray detection unit. the control unit executes a first control of controlling the x-ray irradiation unit such that an irradiation output is increased, if a detection output of the x-ray detection unit is decreased when the control unit controls the x-ray irradiation unit such that the irradiation output of the x-ray irradiation unit becomes a first irradiation output.
the present technology relates to an information processing apparatus enabling services using broadcasting and communication to be more flexibly served, a client apparatus, and a data processing method.an information processing apparatus inserts identification information for identifying the identity of a source of content into a request for the content to more flexibly serve services using broadcasting and communication. for example, the present technology can be applied to a gateway apparatus connected to a network such as home lan or a client apparatus capable of reproducing content.
[object] to improve adhesiveness of a cosmetic eyelid shaping tape for performing pseudo plastic surgery on an eyelid at inner-canthus and outer-canthus end portions of the eyelid by forming a constricted portion in the eyelid using resilient elasticity after extension of a base piece, constituting a tape-shaped member.[solution] a double-eyelid-forming tape 1 includes a tape-shaped member 2 formed by laminating adhesive layers 4 on both surfaces of a base piece 3, and a pair of release sheet pieces 5 bonded to the adhesive layers. the release sheet pieces 5 each have groove-shaped tearable portions 6 and 7 that are easily tearable when being pulled in a longitudinal direction. the tearable portions each have a groove width gradually expanding from a groove bottom 61 or 71 toward the outer surface of the corresponding release sheet piece. the tearable portions include first tearable portions 6 formed at positions on the sides of a center o of the tape 1 closer to a first end 1a and a second end 1b, and a second tearable portion 7 at the center o and deeper than the first tearable portion.
an image inspection device includes: a mounting unit 10 on which an image projection device 30 that directly projects an image on a retina of a user is to be mounted; a condensing lens 12 configured to condense a light beam 50 emitted from the image projection device 30 mounted on the mounting unit 10; and a target projection unit 14 on which an inspection image is to be projected by irradiation with the light beam 50 condensed by the condensing lens 12; and an inspection unit 22 configured to inspect the inspection image projected on the target projection unit 14.
a polypropylene film roll including a polypropylene film wound around a core, which polypropylene film contains a polypropylene resin as a major component, wherein the average hardness of the roll outermost layer is 84.0 to 94.0, and the variation of hardness of the roll outermost layer in the transverse direction is within 2.0. a polypropylene film roll for a capacitor, which enables highly productive processing in the capacitor production process by solving problems such as winding displacement, film breakage, and low margin accuracy, is provided.
the present invention pertains to a hollow fiber membrane module (5) for removing gas from an objective liquid or supplying gas to the objective liquid, comprising: a hollow fiber membrane bundle (20); and a collecting member (51) configured to collect first ends (20a) of the hollow fiber membrane bundle (20) while maintaining openings of opened end portions (22a) of hollow fiber membranes (22) of the hollow fiber membrane bundle (20), wherein the collecting member (51) has a coupling portion configured to couple the collecting member (51) to an installation object in a detachable and liquid-tight manner.
it is an object of the present invention to provide a copper alloy foil that achieves both electrical conductivity and heat resistance to solve the above-mentioned problem. it is another object of the present invention to provide a copper alloy foil that, when used for a negative electrode current collector of a secondary battery, exhibits improved adhesion to an active material layer.a copper alloy foil contains 0.005 to 0.015 wt% of sn and has an oxygen content of 0.0020 wt% or less, the balance being cu and inevitable impurities. a sn-rich layer is formed on at least one surface layer of the copper alloy foil.
an inspection device of an optical fiber unit inspects an optical fiber unit in which a plurality of binding materials are wound in an sz shape on a plurality of optical fibers. the inspection device of an optical fiber unit includes a measurement unit that is configured to measure a width of the optical fiber units in a first direction orthogonal to a longitudinal direction in which the optical fiber unit extends; and a determination unit that is configured to determine presence or absence of an abnormality in a binding state, based on a measurement result of the measurement unit.
a modified conjugated diene-based polymer, including a coupling polymer,wherein a ratio of the coupling polymer, obtained by gel permeation chromatography (gpc), is 30% by mass or more and less than 70% by mass in the entire modified conjugated diene-based polymer, and a modification ratio obtained by adsorption gpc is 30% by mass or more and less than 70% by mass in the entire modified conjugated diene-based polymer,when a peak top molecular weight, obtained by the gpc, of the coupling polymer of the modified conjugated diene-based polymer is represented by mp1 and a peak top molecular weight of a non-coupling polymer is represented by mp2, (mp1/mp2) ≥ 3.4, anda shrinking factor (g') is less than 0.60.
a modified conjugated diene-based polymer containing:having a weight average molecular weight of 20  104 or more and 300  104 or less,having a star-branched structure with a conjugated diene-based polymer chain bonded to a modifier residue,wherein the modifier residue has at least 4 silicon atoms, and alkoxy groups and/or hydroxyl groups andthe conjugated diene-based polymer chain is bonded to the silicon atom,wherein the number of alkoxy groups and/or hydroxyl groups in the modifier residue is larger than the number of the silicon atoms on average.
provided is a two-package dental adhesive composition excellent in adhesive property for each of various dental materials and also excellent in storage stability. the two-package dental adhesive composition includes a first agent and a second agent, which are divided from each other, the two-package dental adhesive composition including at least five components including: (a) an acidic group-containing polymerizable monomer; (b) a sulfur atom-containing polymerizable monomer; (c) a silane coupling agent; (d) a borate compound; and (e) water, wherein the first agent contains only (a) the acidic group-containing polymerizable monomer and (b) the sulfur atom-containing polymerizable monomer out of the five components, and wherein the second agent contains only (c) the silane coupling agent, (d) the borate compound, and (e) the water out of the five components.
a display medium including a display layer for authenticity identification, wherein the display layer contains a droplet-cured product, and the droplet-cured product contains a resin having cholesteric regularity. the droplet-cured product preferably contains a cured product of a liquid crystal material containing a cholesteric liquid crystal compound. the display layer is preferably a cured product of a coating material containing the droplet-cured product. the display layer may contain plural types of droplet-cured products exhibiting different color tones as the droplet-cured product. the display layer may further contain a metal particle.
a modified conjugated diene-based polymer having a nitrogen atom, whereina content of the nitrogen atom is 25 mass ppm or more based on a total amount of the modified conjugated diene-based polymer,a shrinking factor (g') is 0.59 or less in a gpc-light scattering measurement method with a viscosity detector, anda weight average molecular weight is 200,000 or more and 3,000,000 or less.
a die 31 having a cavity 32, and a lower punch 41 fitted into the cavity 32 are divided and slid along a division plane 34 passing through the cavity 32 parallel to the fitting direction of the die 31 and the lower punch 41, whereby divided cavities 32a and 32b are placed in a state of alignment along the division plane 34, the divided cavities 32a and 32b are each filled with raw material powder, and the die 31 and the lower punch 41 are then slid along the division plane 34, whereby the divided cavities 32a and 32b are combined as the original cavity 32, and the raw material powder in the cavity 32 in a combined state is compressed by an upper punch and the lower punch 41.
provided is a method for manufacturing a vehicular seat member that has excellent dimensional accuracy. the method manufactures a vehicular seat member 10 including a frame member 20 and a foamed resin molded body 30 to embed the frame member 20. firstly the frame member 20 is placed in a molding die 7 so that the frame member 20 extends along the outer shape s of the vehicular seat member 10 in plan view of the vehicular seat member 10. next the foamed resin molded body 30 is formed in the molding die 7 so that the foamed resin molded body has a rim part 35 embedding the frame member 20 and having an outer shape s of the vehicular seat member 10 and an extension 36 extending inward from the rim part 35 so as to bridge the rim part 35 inside of the rim part 35. during the forming, the method forms a break 37a in the extension 36 so as to divide the extension 36 along the direction intersecting the extending direction l of the extension 36.
when a rotor (8) performs an ordinary rotation operation, an axial position of the rotor (8) is retained such that the rotor (8) is rotatable with respect to a stator (7). when a parking brake switch is operated while a vehicle is at stoppage, a rotor slider slides the rotor (8) in an axial direction against a preload of an axially preloading part (54). this brings an engaging portion (55) of the rotor (8) into engagement with an engaged potion (56) of a housing (4). the reverse input holder retains the rotation angle of the rotor (8) during the engagement due to the fact that the engagement between the engaging portion (55) and the engaged potion (56) is maintained against a reverse input load acting on the rotor (8) as an external force that accompanies a reaction force of a pressing force of a brake friction member.
provided are a coating film that has high radio wave permeability and low haze in addition to excellent infrared light reflectivity and visible light permeability, and an article comprising such a coating film. the coating film is a coating film produced using a coating composition, wherein the coating composition comprises flat pigment particles and a resin component, the flat pigment particles comprise a laminate of dielectric layers and a metallic thin film layer, the dielectric layer and the metallic thin film layer are stacked alternately in the laminate, and the dielectric layers are outermost layers of the laminate, an aspect ratio of the flat pigment particles is 10 to 400, a pigment surface density of the flat pigment particles in the coating film is 50 % to 300 %, and a film thickness of the coating film is 1 m or more. the article comprises the coating film.
the present invention provides a dental implant device comprising a dental implant body and an implant fixture. said implant fixture is characterized in that it comprises a portion to be fixed to said implant body and a portion to be fixed to a tooth adjacent to the transplantation site of said implant body in a subject, and is configured so that mechanical stimulation from the tooth adjacent to said transplantation site is transmissible to said implant body, and said implant device is characterized in that it is placed into the oral cavity of said subject so that said implant body is inserted at said transplantation site while said implant fixture is fixed to said implant body and the tooth adjacent to said transplantation site.
a sintered r-t-b based magnet according to the present disclosure is a sintered r-t-b based magnet containing a main phase crystal grain and a grain boundary phase, the sintered r-t-b based magnet containing: r: not less than 27.5 mass% and not more than 35.0 mass% (r is at least one rare-earth element which always includes nd and pr); b: not less than 0.80 mass% and not more than 1.05 mass%; ga: not less than 0.05 mass% and not more than 1.0 mass%; m: not less than 0 mass% and not more than 2 mass% (where m is at least one of cu, al, nb and zr); and a balance t (where t is fe, or fe and co) and impurities. a pr/nd which is a ratio of a concentration of pr to a concentration of nd in a central portion of a main phase crystal grain that is located at a depth of 300 m from the magnet surface is lower than 1; and a pr/nd which is a ratio of a concentration of pr to a concentration of nd in an intergranular grain boundary that is located at a depth of 300 m from the magnet surface is higher than 1. a portion where the ga concentration gradually decreases from the magnet surface toward the magnet interior exists.
the present invention pertains to a glass characterized by: containing 72-82% of li+, 0-21% of si4+, and 0-28% of b3+ in terms of cation%; and containing at least 70% and less than 100% of o2- and more than 0% and at most 30% of cl-, containing at least 94% and less than 100% of o2- and more than 0% and at most 6% of s2-, or containing at least 64% and less than 100% of o2-, more than 0% and at most 30% of cl-, and more than 0% and at most 6% of s2-, in terms of anion%.
a negative electrode for a nonaqueous-electrolyte secondary cell, being predoped by immersion in a solution containing ions of an alkali metal and a catalyst, and the weight and volume tend not to increase due to the predoping, and initial charge/discharge efficiency is increased, is provided. the negative electrode includes a negative-electrode mix layer containing: an alloy-based material (a) that includes silicon or tin capable of absorbing an alkali metal or an alkali earth metal; carbon particles (b); a carboxylic-acid-salt-containing polymer (c); and a straight-chain polyphenylene compound (d), the ratio of the alloy-based material (a) to the total of the (a) and (b) being 10 vol% or more and 60 vol% or less, the amount of carboxylic-acid-salt-containing polymer (c) in the negative-electrode mix layer being 4-13 mass%, and the degree of neutralization of the carboxylic-acid-salt-containing polymer (c) being 50% or more.
the molding die of the invention includes: a first die having a through-hole; a second die inserted into the through-hole and capable of moving relative to the first die; and a first punch and a second punch each insertable into the through-hole. a cavity surrounded by the second die, the first punch, and the second punch to compression-mold a molding object is formed in the through-hole. an undercut molding part is formed in the surface of the second die facing the cavity. the second die is formed so as to be splittable into two or more split bodies.
it is an object of the present invention to provide a novel enzyme useful for producing low-purine foods or beverages. there is disclosed a nucleosidase comprising an amino acid sequence of seq id no: 1 or an amino acid sequence having 85% or more identity with the amino acid sequence, or an amino acid sequence of seq id no: 2 or an amino acid sequence having 88% or more identity with the amino acid sequence.
the present invention relates to a method for refining a specific organic compound which is a target compound from at least two types of organic compounds. one example of the refinement method of the present invention is a method including separating the target compound from an organic compound other than the target compound while the at least two types of organic compounds are irradiated with light at an infrared absorption wavelength of a specific functional group that is not contained in the target compound but is contained in the organic compound other than the target compound.
provided is use of a crosslinked rubber as a member for use in an environment at -10c or less produced by crosslinking a polymer composition containing 20 to 200 parts by weight of carbon black with respect to 100 parts by weight of a rubber component containing a monocyclic olefin ring-opening polymer having a proportion of cis bond of a structural unit derived from a monocyclic olefin of 45 to 95%,.
provided is an aquacultured shrimp that has an excellent appearance. the aquacultured shrimp contains carotenoid and does not have a broken 2nd antenna.
an object is to provide an auscultatory sound identification training device and an auscultatory sound identification training system excellent in portability, easily available anytime and anywhere, practical, and economical at the time of training by indirect auscultation using a stethoscope . to achieve this object, a configuration is adopted to include an auscultation speaker 110 for converting a sent electric signal related to auscultatory sound information into an acoustic signal and outputting the converted signal as an auscultatory sound, a mounting plate 100a for mounting the auscultation speaker 110 to surround an outer peripheral portion thereof, and a cover member 130 made of a resin provided on a surface portion side of the mounting plate 100a to cover a front portion 110a side of the sounding body 110, the cover member having a hardness equivalent to a hardness of a human skin and at least a short width of 45 mm.
provided is a two-stage curable laminate characterized in that a layer containing a high-hardness resin (b) is disposed on at least one surface of a resin layer (a) containing a polycarbonate resin (a1), a coating layer (z) is disposed on the layer containing the high-hardness resin (b), and conditions (i) to (iii) above are satisfied.
the present invention relates to hydrogencarbonate water and a cleaning method using the hydrogencarbonate water. provided are hydrogencarbonate water obtained by dissolving carbon dioxide in hydrogen water having a dissolved hydrogen concentration of 0.1 ppm to 2.0 ppm; and a cleaning method comprising cleaning a substrate by immersing the substrate in the hydrogencarbonate water, or spraying the hydrogencarbonate water to the substrate.
the present invention provides a pharmaceutical composition to be used for the treatment or prophylaxis of allergic diseases. more specifically, the present invention provides a pharmaceutical composition to be used for the treatment or prophylaxis of allergic diseases, which contains a substance that induces selective iga class switching in b cells. as a substance that induces selective iga class switching in b cells, a pkc activator can be used. in addition, a composition containing a substance that induces selective iga class switching in b cells can also be useful as a mucosal adjuvant.
the present invention addresses the problem of providing a composition for external use that is effective for preventing or reducing wrinkles or sagging of the skin, or a composition for external use that is effective for skin whitening, or both of these compositions. the problem is solved by providing a composition for external use containing a pterostilbene glycoside.
aburner head for realizing an exhaust gas processing apparatus that can be easily maintained, a manufacturing method of the burner head, a combustion chamber for an exhaust gas processing apparatus having such a burner head, a manufacturing method of the combustion chamber, and a maintenance method of the combustion chamber are provided.a burner head that constitutes a combustion chamber for an exhaust gas processing apparatus by being attached to an upper portion of a combustion chamber main body is provided. the burner head includes a chassis which has a cylindrical portion having a lower opening and in which a fastening module for removably fastening to the combustion chamber main body is provided, a fuel nozzle that blows fuel into the cylindrical portion, a combustion supporting gas nozzle that blows combustion supporting gas into the cylindrical portion, a processing gas nozzle that blows processing gas into the cylindrical portion, and a pilot burner that ignites the fuel and/or the combustion supporting gas.
a railway design standard storage unit in a train position detection apparatus according to an embodiment stores in advance a railway design standard of a railway track on which a train travels. a position detection unit detects a position of the train by receiving positioning radio waves from satellites through a reception antenna, and simultaneously detects a position of the train by self-contained navigation based on an input signal from a self-contained navigation sensor. when a result of the train position detection based on the positioning radio waves does not satisfy the railway design standard, the position detection unit corrects the result of the train position detection based on the positioning radio waves with a result of the position detection by self-contained navigation. accordingly, even a vehicle of a train provided with a position detection system after authentication of the vehicle can suppress degradation of positioning accuracy at a place where the direct waves of the positioning radio waves from the satellites cannot be received.
provided is an ink jet recording ink including: a colorant represented by the following formula 1, in which an absorption maximum of a dry material of the ink jet recording ink is 700 nm to 1000 nm.
a new method capable of evaluating wettability of a surface of a material is provided.the method includes the following: applying a gas jet to a surface of a material that is covered with a liquid so as to squeeze the liquid; imaging a surface of a liquid film formed on the surface of the material after squeezing the liquid; and evaluating wettability of the material based on the presence or absence of interference fringes on the surface of the liquid film.
provided is a composition containing a buffer to be used at the time of labeling of a chelated targeting agent with 90y, 153sm, 165dy, 165er, 166ho, or 177lu. at least one kind of buffer selected from the group consisting of benzoic acid, maleic acid, fumaric acid, succinic acid, and salts thereof is incorporated in a composition containing a chelated targeting agent.
the present invention provides a peptide comprising the amino acid sequence of any of the formulas (i)-(iii) below:(i) an amino acid sequence of (x1)[d]p[d](x2)[d] wherein x1 is w or f, x2 is s or t, and each amino acid symbol immediately followed by symbol [d] is a d form of the amino acid,(ii) an amino acid sequence of p[d]t[d] (x)n f[d] wherein (x)n is any amino acid in the number of n selected independently of each other, n is an integer of 0-4, and the symbol [d] is as defined above,(iii) an amino acid sequence that is a retro-inverso of the amino acid sequence of any of the aforementioned (i) and the aforementioned (ii);and a conjugate containing the peptide and a functional part.
a mobile terminal according to one embodiment of the present disclosure includes a display unit configured to display a home screen including a background screen and an item screen superimposed on the background screen, and a controller configured to, when a clean view entry request is received, remove the item screen and reproduce an omni-directional moving image set as an image of the background screen in response to the received clean view entry request.
provided is a power cable, and more particularly, to an ultra-high-voltage underground or submarine cable. in detail, the present invention relates to a power cable which is capable of effectively preventing a decrease in dielectric strength due to penetration of copper powder from a copper conductor into an insulating layer, thereby increasing the lifespan thereof, is capable of preventing damage to insulating paper, semiconductor paper, etc. even when repeatedly bent and unfolded, thereby maintaining an interlayer structure formed by winding the insulating paper, the semiconductor paper, etc., and is capable of improving bendability, flexibility, installability, workability, etc.
the present invention relates to a method and an apparatus for manufacturing a micro-molded product by using a metal wire. the method includes: feeding the metal wire to a molding device by using a magnetorheological fluid (mr fluid); and manufacturing the metal wire into a molded product. according to the present invention, the method and the apparatus for manufacturing the micro-molded product can manufacture three-dimensional micro-parts having a size of several tens of micrometers to several millimeters and thus mass production thereof is possible, thus finding application in microrobots, micro-system parts, biomedical system parts, electronic device parts, and the like.
a rechargeable battery according to an exemplary embodiment of the present invention includes: an electrode assembly; a casing which accommodates the electrode assembly and has an opening; a cap assembly which is coupled through the opening and seals the casing; a spacer which is positioned between the electrode assembly and the casing and has multiple holes; and a vent member which is formed on a bottom surface of the casing which is positioned opposite to the opening.
in order to control the output in a low-pitched sound domain zone or a specific frequency domain zone of an earphone, provided is an earphone comprising: a driver unit; a housing forming an electric component part so as to load the driver unit; a groove formed along a first path on the inner surface of the housing; a pipeline damper covering the inner surface of the housing so as to form a pipeline along the groove; a first external base hole formed in the housing at a first point of the pipeline; and an internal base hole formed in the pipeline damper at a second point of the pipeline.
the present invention relates to a support structure of a solid catalyst for preparing a linear alkyl aromatic compound, particularly linear alkylbenzene (lab), and to a method of preparing an alkyl aromatic compound by alkylating an aromatic compound with an olefin using a solid alkylation catalyst, and of regenerating the deactivated solid alkylation catalyst. the present invention provides an integrated method of preparing an alkyl aromatic compound by alkylating an aromatic compound with an olefin using a filter structure as a solid catalyst carrier for alkylating an aromatic compound with an olefin, and of regenerating the deactivated solid alkylation catalyst, thereby realizing simpler and less expensive processing than conventional processes.
the present invention relates to a composition for preventing hair loss and, more specifically, to a compound having a structure in which minoxidil and a peptide are chemically connected, and to a pharmaceutical composition or cosmetic composition for preventing hair loss or promoting hair growth comprising the compound. the compound having a structure in which minoxidil and a peptide are chemically connected according to the present invention has not only excellent physiological activity such as hair loss reduction, hair growth promotion or cell growth promotion, but also excellent stability in water, and can therefore be useful as a composition for preventing hair loss and promoting hair growth.
the present invention relates to a composition for preventing, improving or treating a mental disorder, the composition containing a lactobacillus sp. bacteria-derived vesicle as an active ingredient. the present inventors have confirmed that, when a lactobacillus sp. bacteria-derived vesicle is administered to a stress and depression animal model, resistance to stress efficiently increases, and an effect of treating chronically persisting long-term depression behavior is exhibited, and thus the lactobacillus sp. bacteria-derived vesicle, according to the present invention, is expected to be capable of being usefully employed in developing a medicine or a functional health food, etc., for preventing, reducing the symptoms of or treating a mental disorder such as stress, anxiety disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, panic disorder, depression, autism spectrum disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and schizophrenia.
various embodiments relating to radio reception in an electronic device are disclosed. according to an embodiment, an earphone connector, an nfc antenna, a radio reception module, and a processor by which the radio reception module is configured to be electrically connected to the earphone connector or the nfc antenna depending on whether or not an earphone is connected to the earphone connector may be included. additionally, other various embodiments are possible.
disclosed is a patch antenna module, which receives a signal for position information and a signal for vehicle communication by using one patch antenna, thereby minimizing a mounting space. the disclosed patch antenna module includes a dielectric; an upper patch formed on one surface of the dielectric and for receiving a signal for position information; a lower patch formed on the other surface of the dielectric; and a feed pin for penetrating the dielectric, the upper patch, and the lower patch, formed in a length within a predetermined range, and for receiving a signal for vehicle communication.
a clothes treatment apparatus according to the present invention comes with a cooling water pipe that is placed within a condensing duct to condense humidity contained in a circulating air current. the latent heat generated from the condensation of humidity causes the temperature of the cooling water in the cooling water pipe to rise. a thermoelectric pump mechanism collects heat from the higher-temperature cooling water and uses it in heating the circulating air
the present invention provides a method for transmitting an uplink signal to a base station by a terminal in a wireless communication system supporting an unlicensed band, and a device supporting the same. more particularly, the present invention provides a method for transmitting an uplink signal through an lbt method of a terminal and a plurality of unlicensed component carriers on the basis of the lbt method when two or more unlicensed component carriers among the plurality of unlicensed component carriers are included in different timing advance groups (tags) in a wireless communication system supporting the plurality of unlicensed component carriers, and a device supporting the same.
provided are a conjugate including a core and sialic acids, sialyllactoses or derivatives thereof bound to the surface of the core, and use thereof. the conjugate provided in the present invention binds with hemagglutinin on the surface of influenza virus to inhibit the course of infection of influenza virus, thereby preventing or treating infection of influenza virus and also preventing or treating infection of influenza virus resistant to antiviral agents. accordingly, the conjugate may be widely used in the development of prophylactic or therapeutic agents for influenza virus infection.
the present invention relates to artificially engineered angiogenesis-related factors and a use thereof, for angiogenesis regulation. more specifically, the present invention relates to a system that can artificially regulate angiogenesis, including artificially engineered angiogenesis-related factors to regulate angiogenesis and/or a composition capable of artificially engineering angiogenesis-related factors. in specific aspects, the present invention relates to artificially engineered angiogenesis-related factors such as vegfa, hif1a, angpt2, epas1, angptl4, etc. and/or an angiogenesis regulatory system by their expression products thereof.
the invention relates to the field of psychology and is used in the psychological modification of mental states and psychological dependencies and the modification of social behavior using methods aimed at attitude change. the proposed tool kit is used for pleasant classical conditioning, which is carried out using all the sensory channels by which a human perceives information - vision, sound, touch, smell, taste, reasoning, kinaesthetics. thus, the entire sensory system of human perception is involved in a process of autogenic training, and maximum effectiveness of classical conditioning is achieved. the classical conditioning tool kit for attitude change, used in the provision of psychological support, contains at least one food flavoring additive, at least one essential oil scent, at least one mineral with varying thermal conductivity, an autogenic training text for listening, an image with a chosen attitude change suggestion formula, an image with a kinaesthetic sensations formula, and an image with a reasoned convictions formula, wherein all the tools evoke pleasant feelings in the patient. the tools are combined into one package. the classical conditioning tool kit for attitude change, used in the provision of psychological support, contains instructions for using the tools. the classical conditioning tool kit for attitude change, used in the provision of psychological support, contains an accessory for using the essential oil scent.
the invention relates to medicine. the problem addressed by the present invention consists in creating alternative antibodies or fragments thereof which are capable of specifically binding to a human receptor of interleukin-6 and which would be useful as drugs for treating or diagnosing diseases, or for relieving symptoms, mediated by interleukin-6.
the present invention provides a tissue factor (tf) monoclonal antibody and a preparation method therefor. the monoclonal antibody provided by the present invention can specifically bind with a tf antigen, has high affinity and low immunogenicity, and has the activity of resisting tumors and the like.
disclosed in the present invention is a mobility management method. the method comprises: when a network side device determines that network switching needs to be performed on an internet-of-vehicles terminal, the network side device sends a radio resource control (rrc) connection reconfiguration message to the internet-of-vehicles terminal; and the internet-of-vehicles terminal receives the rrc connection reconfiguration message sent by the network side device, and after the internet-of-vehicles terminal completes radio resource reallocation according to the rrc connection reconfiguration message, the internet-of-vehicles terminal sends, to the network side device, an rrc connection reconfiguration completion message carrying current physical position information of the internet-of-vehicles terminal. also disclosed in the present invention are a network side device, an internet-of-vehicles terminal, and a system.
embodiments of this application disclose a shoulder extraction method and device. the roader shoulder extraction method includes: obtaining three-dimensional laser point cloud data, generated by scanning of a laser scanner, of a plurality of frames; removing at least one high spatial point in the three-dimensional laser point cloud data of the plurality of frames, to obtain three-dimensional laser point cloud sets of the plurality of frames; searching for a curvature mutation point and an elevation mutation point in each of the three-dimensional laser point cloud sets of the plurality of frames; searching for a road shoulder location point in the three-dimensional laser point cloud set of each of the plurality of frames according to the curvature mutation point and the elevation mutation point in the three-dimensional laser point cloud set of the respective frame; extracting the road shoulder location point in the three-dimensional laser point cloud set of each of the plurality of frames according to a preset algorithm; and connecting the extracted road shoulder location points to obtain a road shoulder line. the embodiments of this application can effectively ensure the accuracy of extracted shoulder data, and meet the requirements of a high-accuracy map.
provided are a pde4 inhibitor and a use thereof in the preparation of a medicament for treating pde4 related diseases. specifically disclosed are the compound as shown in formula (i) and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.
provided are a phosphodiesterase-4 (pde4) inhibitor and application thereof in preparation of a medication for treating a disease related to pde4. specifically disclosed is a compound as shown in formula (i) and a pharmaceutically acceptable salt thereof.
the invention relates to a zip with automatic coupling, which comprises a part fixed to the clothing (1, 1', 4) and an exchangeable part (2, 2', 3), the fixed part comprising first joining elements (1, 1') solidly joined to a garment (4) by one of the sides thereof and which can be joined on the opposite side to the exchangeable part. according to the invention, the exchangeable part comprises second joining elements (2, 2') disposed longitudinally, in parallel with respect to a zip closure (3) and fixed to said zip closure (3), the first joining elements (1, 1') and the second joining elements (2, 2') together forming a male-female joint or clip joint.
to arrange hidden markings of a spectacle lens inside a spectacle frame with balance and markedly reduce possibility of the hidden markings being partially lost or missing. a manufacturing method of a spectacle lens provided with hidden markings mh includes: setting forming positions of the hidden markings mh to certain positions; changing the forming positions of the hidden markings based on at least one parameter obtained from spectacle lens product-related information that indicates information about a spectacle lens product, spectacle frame-related information that indicates information about a spectacle frame, prescription-related information that indicates information about a prescription for a wearer, and fitting-related information that indicates information about fitting for the wearer; and forming the changed hidden markings mh.
the present invention addresses the problem of providing a rice wrapper which can be accurately and easily formed into a deformed conical shape having a constant apex angle. the solution provides a rice wrapper (10) having a rectangular shape, which used, is formed into a deformed conical shape having an apex formed by an intermediate part of one long side (10d), the deformed conical shape is formed by: rolling a part forming one corner part (a) located between one short side (10a) and the one long side (10d) as an inside rolled part (22) in such a way that the one corner part (a) is placed at an intermediate part of the opposite other long side (10c); rolling a part on the other short side (10b) over the inside rolled part (22) as an outside rolled part (24); and fixing the outside rolled part (24) onto the inside rolled part (22). the rice wrapper (10) is characterized in that an outer film (14) is provided with a first mark (32a) for positioning the part on the other short side (10b) which is rolled as the outside rolled part (24) when the deformed conical shape is formed.
a hard material includes a first hard phase containing titanium carbonitride as a major constituent and a binder phase containing an iron group element as a major constituent. in any surface or cross-section of the hard material, the grain size d50 at a cumulative percentage of 50% of a grain size distribution by area of the first hard phase is 1.0 m or more, and the average aspect ratio of first hard phase particles having grain sizes larger than or equal to d50 is 2.0 or less.
to easily execute a process regarding a place of input of a position instructed by an electronic pen in relation to information of the instruction position.an electronic pen is prepared, the electronic pen including: a reception unit that receives tag information transmitted from an electronic tag transmitter; a transmission unit that transmits a position detection signal for detecting an instruction position in a sensor unit of a position detection apparatus to the position detection apparatus; and a control unit that controls the transmission unit to transmit the tag information to the position detection apparatus along with the position detection signal when the reception unit receives the tag information. the position detection apparatus receives a signal transmitted from the electronic pen, the signal including the tag information and the position detection signal from the electronic tag transmitter, and stores information of the position instructed by the electronic pen detected by the detection unit in a storage unit in association with the tag information from the electronic pen received by the sensor unit.
